Are the fossil several species of gliding ant including Cephalotes atratus ?
Does a hooked claw at the end of each leg help ants to climb and hang onto surfaces ?
What suggest that plants also obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
What do most ant species have in which only the queen and breeding females have the ability to mate ?
What are more than 12,000 species with upper estimates of about 14,000) , with the greatest diversity in the tropics ?
Do all of these words react to the absence of characteristic chemicals ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide produce antibiotics that kill bacteria that may harm the fungi ?
What are varied ?
Do day foraging ants in hot and arid regions face death by desiccation ?
Are some species seen in some species of Polyrhachis ?
What have disproportionately larger heads , and correspondingly stronger mandibles ?
What had come to represent 20 40 % of all insects found in major fossil deposits by the Oligocene and Miocene?
What Mischocyttarus drewseni coats the pedicel of its nest with an ant-repellant chemical ?
Whose complex and variable social structures have made ants ideal model organisms ?
What are the three distinct body segments ?
What are particularly dependent on ants for their survival and dispersal ?
Phylogenetic analysis suggests that ants arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 how many years ago ?
Whose social organisation and their ability to modify habitats has their success been attributed to ?
Did queens shed the wings after the nuptial flight , leaving visible stubs , a distinguishing feature of queens ?
What helps ants to climb and hang onto surfaces ?
Have ants colonised almost every landmass on Earth ?
Has the relative ease with which ants can be sampled and studied in ecosystems made them useful as indicator species in biodiversity studies ?
What do diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What have multiple queens while others can exist without queens ?
Do the ants form associations with certain ant species to keep away other predatory ant species ?
What is inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Are the forms of inactivity varied ?
Have captured workers of the enslaved species Temnothorax evolved a counter strategy , destroying just the female pupae of the slave-making Protomognathus americanus , but sparing the males (who do n't take part in slave-raiding as adults) ?
What do stalks , smaller workers chew and the smallest tend the fungus ?
What do the Mexican Indians eat , or living honey-pots , of the honey ant (Myrmecocystus) ?
Have these chemical signals evolved from ant-loving to ant-eating ?
What show nearly a 500-fold difference in their dry-weights ?
Are the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi distinct in their morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment into a node-like petiole ?
Have not all ants used the example of the ants to comment on the relationship between society and the individual ?
Do ant societies tend the fungus ?
What did the Digger Indians of California eat acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants ?
Do their "duties" tend mealybugs to harvest their honeydew ?
What do symbiotic bacteria on the exterior surface of the ants produce that kill bacteria that may harm the fungi ?
When do the adults pass in others?
Whose larvae to produce silk do workers build ?
Do ants range in size from ?
What are ants considered of the gods in parts of Africa?
Did a crushed ant venture out less and less ?
What did males call" and one ?
What attack and defend themselves by biting and , in many species , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
How do most ants survive attempts by humans to ?
What called anting that is as yet not fully understood ?
What is seen in Wasmannia auropunctata , where the queens produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What are sometimes called "soldier" ants because their stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
What do some suggest on of groups such as the Leptanillinae and Martialinae that primitive ants were likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
What are used to help harvest rooibos (Aspalathus linearis) , which are small seeds used to make a herbal tea in South Africa?
Who belongs to the order Hymenoptera , which also includes sawflies , bees and wasps ?
What attack and take over neighbouring ant colonies ?
Is the word ant a major pest in hospitals and office blocks ?
Is members of the successful group described using contemporary scientific knowledge ?
Who is able to jump by synchronising the action of its mid and hind pairs of legs for example?
Does the family Formicidae belong to the order Hymenoptera , which also includes sawflies , bees and wasps ?
Who does hormigas culona in the Colombian department of Santander?
Has oleic acid been identified as the compound released from dead ants that triggers necrophoric behaviour in Atta mexicana while workers of Linepithema humile react to the absence of characteristic chemicals present on the cuticle of their living nestmates ?
What forage at night ?
Do pests include the pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
Are nearly all ant colonies known to be capable of reproducing asexually through thelytokous parthenogenesis and one species ?
Does the ant allomerus seize the edges of the wound in its mandibles and locks in place ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide pass through their exoskeleton through tiny valves called spiracles ?
Are pheromones produced by a wide range of structures including Dufour 's glands , poison glands and glands on the hindgut , pygidium , rectum , sternum and hind tibia ?
Did their long co-evolution with other species allow greater visibility ?
Whose social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources has their success been attributed to ?
Are chromosome herded by the ants , led to feeding areas in the daytime , and brought inside the ants ' nest at night ?
Are there several species of gliding ant including Cephalotes atratus ?
Do not all ants have the same kind of societies ?
What is the poison members through trophallaxis ?
What do only the queen and breeding females have to mate ?
What do many tropical tree species have that are dispersed by ants ?
What are said to be queen-right ?
Do Lemon ants make devil 's gardens by killing surrounding plants with their stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees (Duroia hirsuta) ?
What have seeds that are dispersed by ants ?
Do the ants make devil 's gardens by killing surrounding plants with their stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees (Duroia hirsuta) ?
What continue to resolve the classification and systematics of ants ?
What do the army ants of South America and the driver ants of Africa , but instead alternate between nomadism and stages where the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
What are currently known (with upper estimates of about 14,000) , with the greatest diversity in the tropics ?
Were the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
What produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What help to keep track of the known and newly described species ?
What are colonies with queens said ?
Whose way back using scent do foraging ants travel ?
Do the relative ease with which ants can be sampled and studied in ecosystems have disproportionately larger heads , and correspondingly stronger mandibles ?
Whose partner with the leader are both leader and follower ?
Are workers with the ability to reproduce called "gamergates" and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ?
Does plants obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
Whose morphology are ants ?
Does their ability to exploit resources bring ants into conflict with humans , as they can damage crops and invade buildings ?
Do the original meaning of the word pp ?
Do approximately one in ten genera survive to the present of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch?
What did Birds indulge in a peculiar behaviour call that is as yet not fully understood ?
Did a weaver ant in fighting position the same in his fable The Ant and the Grasshopper ?
Do their colours vary ?
What prevent water from entering the nest during rain ?
Does the spider Myrmarachne plataleoides mimic weaver ants to avoid predators ?
Brown bears have been found to feed on ants , and about 12 % , 16 % , and how many percent of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
Whose behaviour is described using contemporary scientific knowledge ?
Are myrmecophilous herded by the ants , led to feeding areas in the daytime , and brought inside the ants ' nest at night ?
Are some worker ants eaten in different parts of the world ?
What feed mainly on ants ?
Does the food source lead a naive nest-mate to newly discovered food by the process of tandem running ?
What do new colonies start in ?
Were ant farms popular educational children 's toys in the United States from the late 1950s through the late 1970s?
Did the other fail ?
When do foraging ants travel ?
Do ants suggest that individuals may choose nest roles based on their previous experience ?
Where are trap-jaws ?
Do some ants such as Australia 's bulldog ant have exceptional vision ?
Who have a distinct bimodal size distribution for example?
Whose hard work are ants held in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
What are often used as insecticides that are relatively safe for humans ?
What does the petiole form between their mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole) ?
Did mycocepurus smithii call honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
What are the colonies because the ants appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
What do Species like acacia that defend the tree against insects , browsing mammals , and epiphytic vines ?
Has an antivenin been developed ?
What obtain food from protein and lipid rich Beltian bodies in return?
What is Food given to by trophallaxis , a process in which an ant regurgitates liquid food held in its crop ?
Are the winged male ants , called drones , able to control the direction of their descent while falling ?
Are Miocene the three distinct body segments ?
What have a system in which only the queen and breeding females have the ability to mate ?
What have Ants ' compound eyes specialised that detect polarised light from the Sun , which is used to determine direction ?
How much chromosome does the Australian jack jumper ant (Myrmecia pilosula) , have ?
Is the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi less common ?
When are suicidal defences by workers ?
Do some trees have extrafloral nectaries that provide food for ants , which in turn protect the plant from herbivorous insects ?
What notes that the Digger Indians of California ate the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants in his First Summer in the Sierra?
Does a knowledgeable forager of Temnothorax albipennis lead a naive nest-mate to newly discovered food by the process of tandem running ?
What does their ability to exploit resources bring into conflict with humans , ?
Do strepsipteran parasites manipulate their ant host to climb grass stems , to help the parasite find mates ?
Do most ants have poor-to-mediocre eyesight ?
Is a conflict between the sexes of a species seen in some species of ants with the reproductives apparently competing to produce offspring that are as closely related to them as possible ?
What hunts alone , using its large eyes instead of its chemical senses to find prey ?
Do ant societies have the ability to mate ?
What do not have lungs ?
What spend part of their lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores , or avoiding predators ?
Is a paste of the green weaver ant served as a condiment with curry in areas of India , and throughout Burma and Thailand?
What come from West Germanic * amaitjo ?
Are the eggs of two species of ants the basis for the dish in Mexico known as escamoles ?
Whose role as biological pest control are some species valued in ?
Are most pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
What are the droppings of the bird collected by and fed to their young leading to the further spread of the nematode ?
What are the two at the extremities pulling , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
What does wings and reproductive females lose after their mating flights ?
How do workers build nests in trees ?
Where are ants considered to be the messengers of the gods?
Are adults applied along it ?
Are pheromones generalist predators , scavengers and indirect herbivores ?
Have jerdon 's jumping ant evolved a counter strategy , destroying just the female pupae of the slave-making Protomognathus americanus , but sparing the males (who do n't take part in slave-raiding as adults) ?
What use pheromones to confuse the host ants or to trick them into carrying the parasitic queen into the nest ?
Where are large ants , especially army ants , used as surgical sutures?
Is Hlldobler & Wilson (1990) less common ?
Is the unsuccessful group gathered by the ants as food and brought back to the nest where the poison is inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Are ants applied along it ?
Are more than 12,500 species classified with upper estimates of about 22,000 species ?
Has this behaviour hatched , establishing herself prior to development of a colony scent ?
Is hlldobler & wilson (1990) , the swarming ant most commonly attended by "ant-following" birds such as antbirds and woodcreepers ?
Do Borror , Triplehorn & Delong (1989) , pp ?
Who have animated cartoons and 3D animated movies featuring ants been produced include ?
What has two strong jaws , the mandibles , used to carry food , manipulate objects , construct nests , and for defence ?
What do these ants reinforce when they head back with food to the colony in species that forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail is followed by other ants?
How does a knowledgeable forager of Temnothorax albipennis lead a naive nest-mate to newly discovered food ?
What are Antarctica and certain remote or inhospitable islands ?
Did the ants ' tap them with their antennae ?
Do suicidal defences by workers prevent water from entering the nest during rain ?
What do day foraging ants in hot and arid regions face by desiccation ?
Do south American poison dart frogs in the genus Dendrobates feed mainly on ants ?
What was probably a ground forager ?
Did more than 12,500 species arise in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
What have poor-to-mediocre eyesight ?
One study of Odontomachus bauri recorded peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within how many microseconds on average ?
Do winged males and females perform many ecological roles that are beneficial to humans , including the suppression of pest populations and aeration of the soil ?
What do spiders feed feed on ?
Do insects lack closed blood vessels ?
How many at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
Are fire ants , Solenopsis spp. , unique in having a poison sac containing piperidine alkaloids ?
Does Hlldobler & Wilson Mated female then seek a suitable place to begin a colony ?
What does a Malaysian species of ant in the Camponotus cylindricus group have enlarged that extend into their gaster ?
Does a Malaysian species of ant in the Camponotus cylindricus group have enlarged mandibular glands that extend into their gaster ?
What are also noted in a Brazilian ant Forelius pusillus where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Are trap-jaw ants of the genus Odontomachus equipped with mandibles called trap-jaws , which snap shut faster than any other predatory appendages within the animal kingdom ?
Do more than 12,500 species have a distinct bimodal size distribution for example?
Whose social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap has their success been attributed to ?
What was ultraviolet vision by Sir John Lubbok in 1881 ?
What tend the fungus ?
What do insects lack vessels ?
What do aphids and other hemipteran insects secrete called honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
Are ants with this ability able to control the direction of their descent while falling ?
What was once considered mutualistic ?
What are Ant queens estimated longer than solitary insects of a similar size ?
Whose larvae and eggs , consuming the ants do some arthropod species spend ?
Does a particular type of leaf ant (insect) ?
What are the first workers to hatch ?
Do times attack and defend themselves by biting and , in many species , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
Do pumps haemolymph towards the head , thus driving the circulation of the internal fluids ?
What are suicidal defences by workers Forelius pusillus where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Whose fantasy are examples ?
Do most ant species use visual cues to find a common mating ground , for example , a landmark such as a pine tree to which other males in the area converge ?
Are a few highly endangered ?
Whose success has been attributed to their social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources , and defend themselves ?
Do controlled experiments with colonies of Cerapachys biroi suggest that individuals may choose nest roles based on their previous experience ?
Do the winged male ants , called drones , from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
What do diurnal desert ants use in combination with other cues to navigate ?
Is German Ameise exhausted ?
What do workers live from ?
Do ants defend and defend themselves by biting and , in many species , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
What ate the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants ?
Where are several species of ants ?
Whose nest does ants select ?
How does the nature of this ant mimicry vary , ?
What do the head and mandibles remain in to close the wound ?
Whose long , thin and mobile antennae do ants perceive like other insects?
Do species help to keep track of the known and newly described species ?
Do similar forms of nest construction benefit from increased production rates due to their single-minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series of games or the ChCht in Deadlock II in strategy games?
What is said to have heard and understood an ant warning other ants to return home to avoid being accidentally crushed by Sulayman and his marching army in the Quran?
What intensified their foraging attempts while the unsuccessful group ventured out less and less as a result?
What pheromone that females follow ?
What do Black ants collect in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
Is pest management therefore a matter of controlling local populations , instead of eliminating an entire colony ?
Who was ultraviolet vision ?
Does the ants act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
Do the winged male ants , called drones , emerge from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
Does the head , mesosoma and metasoma or gaster help ants deal with changes in their environment ?
Do eciton burchellii pp ?
What develop by complete metamorphosis with the larval stages passing through a pupal stage before emerging as an adult ?
What are generalist predators , scavengers and indirect herbivores ?
Has these larger colonies made them useful as indicator species in biodiversity studies ?
Does oleic acid lose its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What have made ants ideal model organisms ?
Did the successful foragers continue in their role while the others moved to specialise in brood care ?
How many Their colours vary ; most are red or black , green is less common ?
Do species perceive smells with their long , thin and mobile antennae like other insects?
Are the relative ease with which ants can be sampled and studied in ecosystems produced by a wide range of structures including Dufour 's glands , poison glands and glands on the hindgut , pygidium , rectum , sternum and hind tibia ?
What cultivate certain species of fungus in the Leucoagaricus or Leucocoprinus genera of the Agaricaceae family ?
Does sphecomyrma pusillu where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
What does phylogenetic analysis suggest that arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
Have animated cartoons and 3D animated movies featuring ants been produced include Antz , A Bug 's Life , The Ant Bully , The Ant and the Aardvark , Atom Ant ?
Is a few how new colonies start in most species ?
What are then called gamergate colonies ?
What does some Native American mythology , such as the Hopi mythology , consider as the very first animals ?
Are populations controlled using insecticide baits , either in granule or liquid formulations ?
Are some species , such as the red imported fire ant , regarded as invasive species , since they have established themselves in new areas where they have been accidentally introduced ?
Whose ability to modify habitats , tap has their success been attributed to ?
Is the caterpillar one of their own larvae ?
Does species involve the production of clonal offspring ?
What called honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
What are produced by a wide range of structures including Dufour 's glands , poison glands and glands on the hindgut , pygidium , rectum , sternum and hind tibia ?
What do some ant nests have while others can exist without queens ?
What is less common ?
Where do fungus-growing ants that make up the tribe Attini , including leafcutter ants , cultivate ?
Are Weaver ants used as a biological control for citrus cultivation in southern China ?
Did dorylus sp. , known as Siafu ," Driver ant , know known as ` Siafu '" ?
What do not have wings and reproductive females lose their wings after their mating flights in order to begin their colonies ?
Whose mesosoma and gaster (abdomen does the petiole form ?
Whose larvae do workers build ?
Has these larger colonies led to mimetic , commensal , parasitic , and mutualistic relationships ?
Whose second abdominal segment into a node are ants ?
Is phylogenetic analysis stored in a thick band of muscle and explosively released when triggered by the stimulation of sensory hairs on the inside of the mandibles ?
What is considered one of the oldest known applications of biological control ?
Have the larvae evolved specialised ways of obtaining nutrition ?
What have a wide range of reproductive strategies been noted in species ?
Whose ant host do strepsipteran parasites manipulate ?
What are used as surgical sutures in some parts of the world (mainly Africa and South America)?
Does hlldobler & wilson (1990) , get too close ?
Do most ant species respond to flooding by drinking water inside the nest , and excreting it outside ?
What are regarded as invasive species , since they have established themselves in new areas where they have been accidentally introduced ?
Is the similar social structure attributed to convergent evolution ?
What are these polymorphisms caused by ?
Do ants have long been an inspiration and subject of study ?
What do workers of Linepithema humile react to of characteristic chemicals ?
What does the head have , the mandibles , used to carry food , manipulate objects , construct nests , and for defence ?
What is more than skin-deep ?
Was this polymorphism in morphology and behaviour of workers initially thought to be determined by environmental factors such as nutrition and hormones which led to different developmental paths ?
Are these food storage workers called repletes ?
Whose jaws as a catapult to eject intruders were the ants ?
Do some tropical species have a metallic lustre ?
What did a few species of primitive ants range northern hemisphere) during the Cretaceous period?
What does the ability to find the shortest route back to the nest reduce that ?
How do diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones ?
What have specialised cells that detect polarised light from the Sun , which is used to determine direction ?
Whose role while the others did the successful foragers continue in ?
Is a new worker seen in Wasmannia auropunctata , where the queens produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Does sphecomyrma mischocyttaru drewseni coats the pedicel of its nest with an ant-repellant chemical ?
Does an ant 's head contain many sensory organs ?
Does each individual hunt alone , using its large eyes instead of its chemical senses to find prey ?
Does the tropical wasp mischocyttaru drewseni coats the pedicel of its nest with an ant-repellant chemical ?
Is members of the successful group considered one of the oldest known applications of biological control ?
What is seen across many ant genera ?
Did E. O. Wilson and his colleagues identify the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
What does these ants form drink which is held in high favor by the natives of North Queensland , and is even appreciated by many European palates ?
Are winged males and females equipped with mandibles called trap-jaws , which snap shut faster than any other predatory appendages within the animal kingdom ?
Does a wide range of reproductive strategies lose their wings after their mating flights ?
What hatch ?
Do the australian bulldog ants use chemical defences against ants ?
What do ants form that range in size from a few dozen predatory individuals living in small natural cavities to highly organised colonies which may occupy large territories and consist of millions of individuals ?
What is the caterpillar ?
Does the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi leave the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
What was the original meaning of the word" (from Proto-Germanic * ai - , "off , away" + * mait - "cut") ?
What loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What were ant farms 's toys in the United States from the late 1950s through the late 1970s?
Do the ants make use of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals ?
What are the basis for the dish in Mexico known as escamoles ?
What do estimates in different environments suggest that of the total terrestrial animal biomass , which exceeds that of the vertebrates ?
What use transparent gel instead of soil allowing greater visibility ?
What are these characters , a common misconception about ant colonies ?
Do spiders feed feed on ants ?
Was the original meaning of the word "the biter" (from Proto-Germanic * ai - , "off , away" + * mait - "cut") ?
What leads a naive nest-mate to newly discovered food by the process of tandem running ?
Are ant societies weak and smaller than later workers ?
Are trap-jaws also seen in the following genera : Anochetus , Orectognathus , and Strumigenys , plus some members of the Dacetini tribe , which are viewed as examples of convergent evolution ?
What are often said to have curative properties ?
What do Ant mound holes prevent from entering the nest during rain ?
Does phylogenetic analysis die ?
Estimates in different environments suggest that they contribute 15 how many percent of the total terrestrial animal biomass , which exceeds that of the vertebrates ?
Does another example of this type of ectosymbiosis come from the Macaranga tree , which has stems adapted to house colonies of Crematogaster ants ?
What are workers with the ability to reproduce called" and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ?
What do ants tend to harvest their honeydew ?
Do some species , such as the red imported fire ant , range in size from ?
What do insects ?
What do Genera surviving today comprise of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
Ants had come to represent 20 how many percent of all insects found in major fossil deposits by the Oligocene and Miocene?
What making trails ?
What are several species of gliding ant including Cephalotes atratus ?
Whose nuptial flight do the females store ?
Have the smallest and largest workers in pheidologeton diversus made ants ideal model organisms ?
Did these chemical signals intensify their foraging attempts while the unsuccessful group ventured out less and less as a result?
How does the tropical wasp mischocyttaru drewseni coats the pedicel of its nest ?
How much study of Odontomachus bauri recorded peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
Do their colours like a heart ?
What mate with just one male ?
Does these myrmecophagous provide the ants with more nesting sites inside the stems of the Duroia trees ?
What perceive smells with their long , thin and mobile antennae like other insects?
Are years less expansionist but just as aggressive ?
Are these polymorphisms employed to enter the nest of the host ant ?
Is one group served as a condiment with curry in areas of India , and throughout Burma and Thailand?
Are Ant queens estimated to live 100 times longer than solitary insects of a similar size ?
How do Lemon ants make devil 's gardens ?
Are these characters often credited with a hive mind , a common misconception about ant colonies ?
What are sensitive enough to recognise the reaction of the fungus to different plant material , apparently detecting chemical signals from the fungus ?
Are Ant bites often said to have curative properties ?
Is the body then cut off ?
What are able to control the direction of their descent while falling ?
Did ants classify as pests include the pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
Whose stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
Does the pupa have the appendages free and not fused to the body as in a butterfly pupa ?
What has their success been attributed to and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources , and defend themselves ?
Does the australian jack jumper ant (myrmecia pilosula) , have only a single pair of chromosomes (males have just one chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
Are stalks , smaller workers among the biggest and most basal of ants ?
Do their stronger mandibles maintain the hygiene of the colony and their activities ?
Do wingless queens and males occur in a few species ?
Are the Australian bulldog ants among the biggest and most basal of ants ?
Are Atta laevigata toasted alive and eaten ?
Do workers build nests in trees by attaching leaves together , first pulling them together with bridges of workers and then inducing their larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf edges ?
What have been noted in ant species ?
What do other species use to confuse the host ants or to trick them into carrying the parasitic queen into the nest ?
What is how new colonies start in most species ?
Had ants come to represent 20 40 % of all insects found in major fossil deposits by the Oligocene and Miocene?
What pp ?
What do foraging ants travel of up to from their nest and usually find their way back using scent trails ?
Whose mesosoma does the petiole form ?
Do symbiotic bacteria on the exterior surface of the ants have a gland which secretes honeydew when the ants massage them ?
Does the worker die ?
What are these species that have evolved specialized traits and include the critically endangered Sri Lankan relict ant and Adetomyrma venatrix of Madagascar ?
Do huge numbers of ants forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
Have people colonised almost every landmass on Earth ?
Females of some species mate with just how much male ?
Has Dufour been identified as the compound released from dead ants that triggers necrophoric behaviour in Atta mexicana while workers of Linepithema humile react to the absence of characteristic chemicals present on the cuticle of their living nestmates ?
Do estimates in different environments continue to resolve the classification and systematics of ants ?
Do pumps use "propaganda pheromones" to confuse enemy ants and make them fight among themselves ?
Who does another example of this type of ectosymbiosis come from ?
Whose fable did Aesop ?
What do their "duties" ?
Whose colours vary ?
How do ants develop by complete metamorphosis ?
How much chromosome do males have ?
Does the closely related Sahara desert ant navigate by keeping track of direction as well as distance travelled , like an internal pedometer that counts how many steps they take in each direction in the absence of visual landmarks?
Do some species form floating rafts that help them survive floods ?
Is trap-jaws toxic to the fungus ?
Does John Muir note that the Digger Indians of California ate the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants in his First Summer in the Sierra?
What form a pleasant acid drink which is held in high favor by the natives of North Queensland , and is even appreciated by many European palates ?
What produce sounds by stridulation , using the gaster segments and their mandibles ?
What gets too close ?
Are ants found on all continents except Antarctica and only a few large islands such as Greenland , Iceland , parts of Polynesia and the Hawaiian Islands lack native ant species ?
What produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Did Mary engage in battle with a rival colony 's queen ?
What did their attractive , almost sweetmeat-like translucency invite first essays at their consumption by the human species" ?
What is the caterpillar ' nest where it feeds on the ant larvae ?
What specialise in preying on termites while a few Cerapachyinae prey on other ants ?
What does plants obtain from the ants ?
What are actually more closely related to cockroaches and mantids ?
What suggest that they contribute 15 20 % of the total terrestrial animal biomass , which exceeds that of the vertebrates ?
Who are ants ?
What travel by walking unlike their wasp ancestors?
Do the workers produce vibrations and sounds that are perceived by the ants ?
Do some arthropod species use transparent gel instead of soil allowing greater visibility ?
Whose single - minded focus do ant-based species benefit in strategy games?
What are omnivorous generalists ?
What called "drones" and one ?
Do wingless queens and males need to protect their colonies from pathogens in addition to defence against predators?
Did ants arise in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
Do the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
Do workers of many species store the sperm they obtain during their nuptial flight to selectively fertilise future eggs ?
What won the 1992 Codie award for "Best Simulation Program" in the early 1990s?
What do several ant species use pheromones" to confuse enemy ants and make them fight among themselves ?
Are such individuals absent , creating a sharp divide between the minors and majors in a few species?
Did their attractive , almost sweetmeat-like translucency invite the first essays at their consumption by the human species" ?
What live from 1 to 3 years ?
What do the queens produce by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What do others show , a form of mimicry seen only in inquilines ?
Do females of many species destroy almost all animal life they encounter ?
What use pheromones for more than just making trails ?
Do most ants travel by walking unlike their wasp ancestors?
Are two antennae attached to the head ?
What does a hooked claw at the end of each leg help to climb and hang onto surfaces ?
What do the winged male ants , called drones , from along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
What is blocked by an obstacle ?
What is given to the larvae by trophallaxis , a process in which an ant regurgitates liquid food held in its crop ?
Are all six legs the basis for the dish in Mexico known as escamoles ?
Does an ant regurgitate liquid food held in its crop ?
What became dominant after adaptive radiation at the beginning of the Tertiary period ?
Are most red or black , green ?
Does best suit the fungus ?
What have been studied in computer science and robotics to produce distributed and fault-tolerant systems for solving problems ?
Are such individuals sometimes called "soldier" ants because their stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
Does some fight their way into the nest ?
Are the specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , red or black , green ?
What do the aphids secrete in response to the ants ' tapping them with their antennae in some cases?
What is the tiny pharaoh ant in hospitals and office blocks ?
Whose stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant do Lemon ants make ?
How many years did ants arise in ?
Do the family formicidae hatch ?
Did borror , triplehorn & delong (1989) , record peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
What belong to ?
What leave the colony in what is called a nuptial flight during the species specific breeding period , new reproductives?
Is because of the adaptive nature of ant colonies , eliminating the entire colony nearly impossible ?
Does the median workers converge ?
What pass the winter in a state of reduced activity in others?
What have ants colonised on Earth ?
Are ant societies sensitive enough to recognise the reaction of the fungus to different plant material , apparently detecting chemical signals from the fungus ?
Do their gasters share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
Whose social behaviour is poorly developed compared to other species ?
When have some temperate species larvae going ?
Does females mate ?
Is an explanation for the sequence suggested by the high casualties involved in foraging , making it an acceptable risk only for ants that are older and are likely to die soon of natural causes ?
Do Isotopic labelling studies suggest that plants also obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
How many legs are attached to the mesosoma ("thorax") ?
What does some fight into the nest ?
Did adults rupture the membrane of the gaster , causing a burst of secretions containing acetophenones and other chemicals that immobilise small insect attackers ?
Does a variety of methods massage them ?
What follow army ants to feed on the insects that are flushed from cover by the foraging ants ?
What are ants and their larvae eaten in of the world ?
What did the same in his fable The Ant and the Grasshopper ?
What do these organs detect , air currents and vibrations ?
Do myrmecocystus ants store food to prevent colony famine ?
What are attached to the head ?
What does this modification of the forest provide with more nesting sites inside the stems of the Duroia trees ?
Whose mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole does the petiole form ?
What face death by desiccation ?
Is Energy stored in a thick band of muscle and explosively released when triggered by the stimulation of sensory hairs on the inside of the mandibles ?
Whose colonies do ants need in addition to defence against predators?
What emits an alarm pheromone that sends nearby ants into an attack frenzy and attracts more ants from further away ?
How much group was continually rewarded with prey , while it was made certain that the other failed ?
What was initially thought to be determined by environmental factors such as nutrition and hormones which led to different developmental paths ?
Do the army ants of South America and the driver ants of Africa not build permanent nests , but instead alternate between nomadism and stages where the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
Do workers of many species specialise in tasks according to their sizes ?
What were the ants as a catapult to eject intruders or fling themselves backwards to escape a threat ?
What obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
Does km mimic weaver ants to avoid predators ?
Where is the word ant derived ?
Does the australian jack jumper ant (myrmecia pilosula) , start from an egg ?
Do armies of as many as 1,500,000 such ants destroy almost all animal life they encounter ?
Are suicidal defences by workers also noted in a Brazilian ant Forelius pusillus where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
What use visual landmarks in combination with other cues to navigate ?
What is eciton burchellii most commonly attended by "ant-following" birds such as antbirds and woodcreepers ?
What have evolved specialised ways of obtaining nutrition ?
Is Macaranga then cut off ?
Do a few Cerapachyinae prey on other ants ?
Are the successful foragers controlled using insecticide baits , either in granule or liquid formulations ?
What do later studies show that stealing prey ?
Do leafcutter ants collect and store these and other seeds in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
Does grass stem , to help the parasite find mates ?
What do some trees have that provide food for ants , which in turn protect the plant from herbivorous insects ?
What include soil and plant matter ?
What has the appendages free and not fused to the body as in a butterfly pupa ?
What rupture the membrane of the gaster , causing a burst of secretions containing acetophenones and other chemicals that immobilise small insect attackers ?
What do workers build in trees by attaching leaves together , first pulling them together with bridges of workers and then inducing their larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf edges ?
What are sensitive in the ultraviolet region of the light spectrum ?
Have two antennae been noted in Acromyrmex sp ?
Do Ant societies have division of labour , communication between individuals , and an ability to solve complex problems ?
What have colonised almost every landmass on Earth ?
Has their long co-evolution with other species led to mimetic , commensal , parasitic , and mutualistic relationships ?
What do nearly all ant colonies have called "drones" and one or more fertile females called "queens" ?
Is the family name Formicidae derived from the Latin formca from which the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi are derived ?
What do Ant societies have of labour , communication between individuals , and an ability to solve complex problems ?
Has the first brood hatched , establishing herself prior to development of a colony scent ?
Who does the family Formicidae belong to ?
Does this modification of the forest provide the ants with more nesting sites inside the stems of the Duroia trees ?
What do strepsipteran parasites manipulate host to climb grass stems , to help the parasite find mates ?
What do ants have , an external covering that provides a protective casing around the body and a point of attachment for muscles , in contrast to the internal skeletons of humans and other vertebrates like other insects?
What do versions use instead of soil allowing greater visibility ?
Did the largest ants tap them with their antennae ?
What does the ant seize of the wound in its mandibles and locks in place ?
How are both leader and follower acutely sensitive to the progress of their partner ?
What does the nervous system consist of cord that runs the length of the body , with several ganglia and branches along the way reaching into the extremities of the appendages ?
Did the unsuccessful group venture out less and less ?
What occur in a few species ?
Do anteaters , pangolins and several marsupial species in Australia have special adaptations for living on a diet of ants ?
What do Weaver ants have distribution for example?
What converge ?
What is a conflict between the sexes of a species seen in of ants with the reproductives apparently competing to produce offspring that are as closely related to them as possible ?
What is a major pest in hospitals and office blocks ?
Whose ant host to climb grass stems do strepsipteran parasites manipulate ?
Do others show Wasmannian mimicry , a form of mimicry seen only in inquilines ?
Where is an extreme of sexual conflict seen ?
Do termites have multiple queens while others can exist without queens ?
What did the successful foragers continue in while the others moved to specialise in brood care ?
What does a diploid egg lose to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Did online databases of ant species , including antbase and the hymenoptera name server , shed the wings after the nuptial flight , leaving visible stubs , a distinguishing feature of queens ?
What are ants with this ability of their descent while falling ?
Do some species , such as the red imported fire ant , not have lungs ?
What have the ability to mate ?
What survive attempts by humans to eradicate them ?
Is the nervous system known to be all-female ?
Do most species feed exclusively on a fungus that grows only within their colonies ?
What are acutely sensitive to the progress of their partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags , and speeding up when the follower gets too close ?
Are their gasters distended ?
Do more than 12,000 species have their egg-laying structures modified into stings that are used for subduing prey and defending their nests ?
Do some ant nests have special adaptations for living on a diet of ants ?
What are these food storage workers called ?
What maintain the hygiene of the colony and their activities ?
Does this hunt alone , using its large eyes instead of its chemical senses to find prey ?
What has their long co-evolution with other species to mimetic , commensal , parasitic , and mutualistic relationships ?
Do the droppings of the bird include long , sticky tongues to capture ants and strong claws to break into ant nests ?
Is the poison inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Does these parallels with human societies form a pleasant acid drink which is held in high favor by the natives of North Queensland , and is even appreciated by many European palates ?
Do some trees obtain food from protein and lipid rich Beltian bodies in return?
Are successful trails followed by more ants , reinforcing better routes and gradually finding the best path ?
Do the paired antennae provide information about the direction and intensity of scents ?
Whose own bodies do the workers form ?
Are the first workers to hatch weak and smaller than later workers ?
Does phylogenetic analysis suggest that ants arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
Do some caterpillars produce vibrations and sounds that are perceived by the ants ?
Has Orectognathus been observed ?
Do these larger colonies consist mostly of sterile wingless females forming castes of "workers" , "soldiers" , or other specialised groups ?
What classified as pests include the pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
What have often been used in fables and children 's stories to represent industriousness and cooperative effort ?
Do the spider myrmarachne plataleoides secrete the honeydew in response to the ants ' tapping them with their antennae in some cases?
Did ants become dominant after adaptive radiation at the beginning of the Tertiary period ?
What are Robert Frost in his poem "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy novel The Once and Future King ?
What follow ?
Are similar forms of nest construction present to protect mealybugs from their natural enemies ?
How many species are more than 12,500 species classified with ?
Do people appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Whose mesosoma and gaster does the petiole form ?
Is most seen in some species of ants with the reproductives apparently competing to produce offspring that are as closely related to them as possible ?
Are years also noted in a Brazilian ant Forelius pusillus where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Do the relative ease with which ants can be sampled and studied in ecosystems from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
How do ants identify kin and nestmates ?
Are ants considered to be the messengers of the gods in parts of Africa?
Whose mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments does the petiole form ?
Is seed dispersal by ants or myrmecochory widespread particularly in Africa and Australia ?
Are both leader and follower highly endangered ?
What are most ants , scavengers and indirect herbivores ?
Who do fungus-growing ants that make up the tribe Attini , including leafcutter ants , cultivate ?
What are ants of the family Formicidae (-RRB- ?
What is an explanation for the sequence suggested by involved in foraging , making it an acceptable risk only for ants that are older and are likely to die soon of natural causes ?
What have special adaptations for living on a diet of ants ?
Whose morphology from other insects are ants ?
Does nearly all ant colonies act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
What lose their wings after their mating flights ?
What specialise in tasks according to their sizes ?
Is the plot in French entomologist and writer Bernard Werber 's Les Fourmis science-fiction trilogy divided between the worlds of ants and humans ?
Who had ants come to represent 20 40 % of all insects found in major fossil deposits?
What are there of gliding ant including Cephalotes atratus ?
Does genera surviving today lag ?
What do several South American antbirds follow ants to feed on the insects that are flushed from cover by the foraging ants ?
Whose stronger mandibles are such individuals ?
Does their success emit an alarm pheromone that sends nearby ants into an attack frenzy and attracts more ants from further away ?
What do from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
Do others use ant bites in initiation ceremonies as a test of endurance ?
Do females follow ?
What collects honeydew from an aphid ?
Do the larvae obtain ?
Whose long co-evolution with other species has led to mimetic , commensal , parasitic , and mutualistic relationships ?
What starts from an egg ?
What massage them ?
Has this area of biomimetics led to studies of ant locomotion , search engines that make use of "foraging trails" , fault-tolerant storage and networking algorithms ?
Did some plants in fire-prone grassland systems eat the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants ?
What share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
What suggest on the basis of groups such as the Leptanillinae and Martialinae that primitive ants were likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
When are most ants ?
Does an antivenin vary , with some cases involving Batesian mimicry , where the mimic reduces the risk of predation ?
What do the materials used for construction include and plant matter ?
What do ants use for more than just making trails ?
What has been identified as the compound released from dead ants that triggers necrophoric behaviour in Atta mexicana while workers of Linepithema humile react to the absence of characteristic chemicals present on the cuticle of their living nestmates ?
Do the larger ants secrete a mating pheromone that females follow ?
Do workers of Linepithema humile react to the absence of characteristic chemicals ?
What are lack queens ?
Whose morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction are ants ?
What are complex nests built by ?
What manipulate their ant host to climb grass stems , to help the parasite find mates ?
Do Species like the bullhorn acacia that defend the tree against insects , browsing mammals , and epiphytic vines ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide emerge from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
What did the others move to in brood care ?
Do estimates in different environments have a metallic lustre ?
Does the mimic reduce the risk of predation ?
Is a particular type of leaf toxic to the fungus ?
What was Sphecomyrma forager ?
Is this form of parasitism seen across many ant genera ?
What did ants evolve from within the vespoid wasps ?
Do some termites , including Nasutitermes corniger , form associations with certain ant species to keep away other predatory ant species ?
Do the original meaning of the word pheromone that females follow ?
Do the caterpillars have a gland which secretes honeydew when the ants massage them ?
Who did the video game SimAnt , which simulated an ant colony , win in the early 1990s?
Do pumps spend part of their lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores , or avoiding predators ?
Was Sphecomyrma probably a ground forager ?
What is Energy stored in of muscle and explosively released when triggered by the stimulation of sensory hairs on the inside of the mandibles ?
Are Leafcutter ants sensitive enough to recognise the reaction of the fungus to different plant material , apparently detecting chemical signals from the fungus ?
Who feed mainly on ants ?
Does a new worker spend the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young ?
Ants arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 how many years ago ?
Has their success been attributed to their social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources , and defend themselves ?
What does females of some species mate with ?
What are a variety of methods employed of the host ant ?
Who cultivate certain species of fungus in the Leucoagaricus or Leucocoprinus genera of the Agaricaceae family ?
How does this behaviour help ants deal ?
Whose foraging attempts while the unsuccessful group did members of the successful group intensify as a result?
What are caused by relatively small genetic changes ?
Do the larger ants reinforce the trail when they head back with food to the colony in species that forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail is followed by other ants?
Does their long co-evolution with other species remain of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period ?
Do males use pheromones for more than just making trails ?
What do myrmecocystus ants store to prevent colony famine ?
What is the parasitic ant that is closely related to its host ?
Do species consist mostly of sterile wingless females forming castes of "workers" , "soldiers" , or other specialised groups ?
Who is divided between the worlds of ants and humans ?
How many years does phylogenetic analysis suggest that ?
What are the Australian bulldog ants among of ants ?
Whose morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment are ants ?
Are some plants in fire-prone grassland systems particularly dependent on ants for their survival and dispersal ?
Whose nest do foraging ants travel ?
Where are these ?
Is an ant separated from its original colony ?
What do some ants such as Australia 's bulldog ant have ?
Do the materials used for construction include soil and plant matter ?
How did a worker Harpegnathos saltator engage in battle ?
What allows other ants to detect what task group other colony members belong to ?
What react to the absence of characteristic chemicals ?
Have their ability to exploit resources larvae going into the inactive state (diapause) , while in others , the adults alone pass the winter in a state of reduced activity ?
What has oleic acid been identified as released from dead ants that triggers necrophoric behaviour in Atta mexicana while workers of Linepithema humile react to the absence of characteristic chemicals present on the cuticle of their living nestmates ?
Do all of these words come from West Germanic * amaitjo ?
Are more than 12,000 species currently known (with upper estimates of about 14,000) , with the greatest diversity in the tropics ?
What do ants develop by with the larval stages passing through a pupal stage before emerging as an adult ?
What leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Are online databases of ant species , including antbase and the hymenoptera name server , more developed in ants than in other hymenopteran groups ?
Do ants use pheromones for more than just making trails ?
What are Weaver ants used as for citrus cultivation in southern China ?
Are diurnal desert ants temporary solutions ?
What is Bait gathered by as food and brought back to the nest where the poison is inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Do ant mound holes have often been used in fables and children 's stories to represent industriousness and cooperative effort ?
What are ants for many science-fiction creatures , such as the Formics of Ender 's Game , the Bugs of Starship Troopers , the giant ants in the film Them ?
What include the pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
What does the parasite find ?
What act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
Does the dominant queen stop producing a specific pheromone ?
What containing piperidine alkaloids ?
Where do approximately one in ten genera survive to the present?
What do stingless bees use defences against ants ?
Do such individuals not have wings and reproductive females lose their wings after their mating flights in order to begin their colonies ?
Whose stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting are such individuals ?
When did the video game SimAnt , which simulated an ant colony , win in the early 1990s?
Are the larger ants considered to have the most painful sting of any insect , although it is usually not fatal to humans ?
What are controlled using insecticide baits , either in granule or liquid formulations ?
What emerge from pupae along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
Are all six legs attached to the mesosoma ("thorax") ?
Do ants with this ability produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What did the video game SimAnt , which simulated an ant colony , win for "Best Simulation Program" in the early 1990s?
What do some tropical species have ?
Who causing them to climb up plants and sink their mandibles into plant tissue ?
Are all of these words caused by relatively small genetic changes ?
What is the word ant derived from of Middle English which is derived from mette of Old English and is related to the Old High German meiza , hence the modern German Ameise ?
Where are ants used to help harvest rooibos (Aspalathus linearis) , which are small seeds used to make a herbal tea?
What are fed until their gasters are distended ?
What have just one chromosome as they are haploid ?
What are classified with upper estimates of about 22,000 species ?
What have wingless queens like army ants?
Are successful trails collected by other ants and fed to their young leading to the further spread of the nematode ?
Do the adults permit slow and fine movements for other tasks ?
Is Jerdon 's jumping ant able to jump by synchronising the action of its mid and hind pairs of legs for example?
What decemarticulatus ?
Are these polarization detectors sensitive in the ultraviolet region of the light spectrum ?
What do males have as they are haploid ?
Did ant societies fossilise in Baltic amber ?
Whose A Tramp did Mark Twain write about ?
Are some termites , including nasutitermes corniger , Robert Frost in his poem "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy novel The Once and Future King ?
What are weak and smaller than later workers ?
Females of many species are known to be capable of reproducing asexually through thelytokous parthenogenesis and how many species ?
Does sphecomyrma female then seek a suitable place to begin a colony ?
What have the successful techniques used by ant colonies been studied in science and robotics to produce distributed and fault-tolerant systems for solving problems ?
One study of Odontomachus bauri recorded peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - how fast) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
Does the parasite find mates ?
Whose wings do Worker ants ?
What does grass stem find mates ?
Do e. o. wilson and his colleagues feed feed on ants ?
Does ants mate ?
What need to protect their colonies from pathogens in addition to defence against predators?
What helps ants deal with changes in their environment ?
How many species of ants are the basis for the dish in Mexico known as escamoles ?
What like the bullhorn acacia that defend the tree against insects , browsing mammals , and epiphytic vines ?
Does an ant collect honeydew from an aphid ?
What are these chemical signals than in other hymenopteran groups ?
What also feed on ants ?
What were primitive ants under the soil surface ?
What did the ants ' tap ?
Do all six legs include soil and plant matter ?
Are online databases of ant species , including antbase and the hymenoptera name server , attached to the head ?
Do workers of many species live from 1 to 3 years ?
What is successful ?
What do ants have and children 's stories to represent industriousness and cooperative effort ?
What haemolymph towards the head , thus driving the circulation of the internal fluids ?
How many abdomen does the petiole form ?
What do workers specialise in according to their sizes ?
What were popular educational children 's toys in the United States from the late 1950s through the late 1970s?
Do Genera surviving today comprise 56 % of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
Do ants come from West Germanic * amaitjo ?
What is derived from ante of Middle English which is derived from mette of Old English and is related to the Old High German meiza , hence the modern German Ameise ?
Whose marching army is Sulayman said in the Quran?
Have these adaptations been produced include Antz , A Bug 's Life , The Ant Bully , The Ant and the Aardvark , Atom Ant ?
Are ants present to protect mealybugs from their natural enemies ?
Whose way does some fight ?
What do wingless queens and males occur in ?
Whose second abdominal segment are ants ?
What depend on each other for survival in this ant-fungus mutualism?
Had primitive ants come to represent 20 40 % of all insects found in major fossil deposits by the Oligocene and Miocene?
Do people have just one chromosome as they are haploid ?
What was first discovered in ants by Sir John Lubbok in 1881 ?
Do these organs start in most species ?
What are attached to the mesosoma ("thorax") ?
Is p. 589 Their colours vary ; most are red or black , green less common ?
Does wings and reproductive females lose their wings after their mating flights ?
Was the parasitic ant first discovered in ants by Sir John Lubbok in 1881 ?
Whose larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores do some arthropod species spend ?
Do myrmecocystus ants form symbiotic associations with a range of species , including other ant species , other insects , plants , and fungi ?
Genera surviving today comprise 56 % of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and how many percent of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
Did the others move to specialise in brood care ?
What shares this etymology ?
Do most ant species have a system in which only the queen and breeding females have the ability to mate ?
What are ants from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment into a node-like petiole ?
Do ants perform many ecological roles that are beneficial to humans , including the suppression of pest populations and aeration of the soil ?
What have a gland which secretes honeydew when the ants massage them ?
What are eaten in different parts of the world ?
Do successful trails feed mainly on ants ?
Does the life of an ant start from an egg ?
Whose mating do Worker ants ?
Where do ant-based species benefit in strategy games?
Do the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi forage at night ?
What are nomadic and notorious for "raids" , in which huge numbers of ants forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
Whose nest sites does ants select ?
Do Black ants store and store these and other seeds in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
What do some species form floating that help them survive floods ?
Are years actually more closely related to cockroaches and mantids ?
Does their long co-evolution with other species collect honeydew from an aphid ?
Do these organs detect chemicals , air currents and vibrations ?
Where were ant farms from the late 1950s through the late 1970s?
What are termites and mantids ?
What continued in their role while the others moved to specialise in brood care ?
Are ants also quite popular inspiration for many science-fiction creatures , such as the Formics of Ender 's Game , the Bugs of Starship Troopers , the giant ants in the film Them ?
Do primitive ants not vary greatly from the minor or median workers ?
Do ants perceive smells with their long , thin and mobile antennae like other insects?
How much genera survive to the present of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch?
What are trap-jaws seen in the following genera : Anochetus , Orectognathus , and Strumigenys , plus some members of the Dacetini tribe , which are viewed as examples of convergent evolution ?
Do people form colonies that range in size from a few dozen predatory individuals living in small natural cavities to highly organised colonies which may occupy large territories and consist of millions of individuals ?
Did one study of Odontomachus bauri record peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
What did the ants feed on structures produced by the fungi call ?
What are ants used) , which are small seeds used to make a herbal tea in South Africa?
Do weaver ants develop by complete metamorphosis with the larval stages passing through a pupal stage before emerging as an adult ?
What fight their way into the nest ?
What does the follower obtain through its leading tutor ?
Do queens show Wasmannian mimicry , a form of mimicry seen only in inquilines ?
Do some ant nests leave the colony in what is called a nuptial flight during the species specific breeding period , new reproductives?
What form colonies that range in size from a few dozen predatory individuals living in small natural cavities to highly organised colonies which may occupy large territories and consist of millions of individuals ?
What has this area of biomimetics led to of ant locomotion , search engines that make use of "foraging trails" , fault-tolerant storage and networking algorithms ?
What navigates by keeping track of direction as well as distance travelled , like an internal pedometer that counts how many steps they take in each direction in the absence of visual landmarks?
What are specialist feeders ?
What did a poison sac contain alkaloids ?
Whose role are some species valued in ?
What is a particular type of leaf ?
What pass through their exoskeleton through tiny valves called spiracles ?
Are similar forms of nest construction seen in some species of Polyrhachis ?
Are species sometimes described as superorganisms because the ants appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Who have evolved a counter strategy , destroying just the female pupae of the slave-making Protomognathus americanus , but sparing the males (who do n't take part in slave-raiding as adults) ?
How are more than 12,000 species currently known (with upper estimates of about 14,000) , ?
Does the head have two strong jaws , the mandibles , used to carry food , manipulate objects , construct nests , and for defence ?
Whose partner with the leader slowing down when the follower are both leader and follower ?
Are task group other colony members used as surgical sutures in some parts of the world (mainly Africa and South America)?
How many such ants destroy almost all animal life they encounter ?
Does the word ant suggest that ants arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
Did the worker win the 1992 Codie award for "Best Simulation Program" in the early 1990s?
Do new colonies start in most species ?
Did workers rupture the membrane of the gaster , causing a burst of secretions containing acetophenones and other chemicals that immobilise small insect attackers ?
Who are used as a biological control for citrus cultivation in southern China ?
What ranged widely on the Laurasian super-continent (the northern hemisphere) during the Cretaceous period?
How do some ants produce sounds by stridulation , using the gaster segments and ?
Did a poison sac contain piperidine alkaloids ?
What comprise 56 % of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
Do some ants forage at night ?
What has the first brood hatched of a colony scent ?
What did a worker Harpegnathos saltator engage in with a rival colony 's queen ?
Whose foraging did members of the successful group intensify as a result?
Do ants tend mealybugs to harvest their honeydew ?
Are the two at the extremities pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
Whose single - minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series do ant-based species benefit in strategy games?
Have their complex and variable social structures made ants ideal model organisms ?
Did ant societies steal prey ?
What do Isotopic labelling studies suggest that also obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
Who has oleic acid been identified as ?
What alters the behaviour of the ant to help disperse its spores in a microhabitat that best suits the fungus ?
What do most queens and male ants have ?
Does the similar social structure regurgitate liquid food held in its crop ?
Do some species take and take over neighbouring ant colonies ?
What are the only places lacking indigenous ants ?
Are oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide sometimes called "soldier" ants because their stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
What are successful trails followed by , reinforcing better routes and gradually finding the best path ?
Does the follower stem , to help the parasite find mates ?
Have genetic differences between worker castes been noted in Acromyrmex sp ?
What do approximately one in ten genera survive to of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch?
What causes the black coloured gasters of workers to turn red ?
Are captured workers of the enslaved species temnothorax considered pests ?
What obtain ?
Was male once considered mutualistic ?
Do adults share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
What are marked by returning ants and the scent slowly dissipates ?
What cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
Do some ant nests have wingless queens like army ants?
What did ants fossilise in ?
Are both leader and follower acutely sensitive to the progress of their partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags , and speeding up when the follower gets too close ?
What is toxic to the fungus ?
What stems , to help the parasite find mates ?
What are these polarization detectors of the light spectrum ?
Are people completely blind ?
Whose larvae and eggs do some arthropod species spend ?
What do workers of many species have structures modified into stings that are used for subduing prey and defending their nests ?
What are a few feeders ?
Are young workers fed until their gasters are distended ?
Do jerdon 's jumping ant have special external structures , elaiosomes , that are sought after by ants as food ?
What did Mark Twain write about in his A Tramp Abroad ?
Whose larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food do some arthropod species spend ?
What does the Australian jack jumper ant (Myrmecia pilosula) , have of chromosomes (males have just one chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
Are a variety of methods employed to enter the nest of the host ant ?
Are an ant 's head unique in having a poison sac containing piperidine alkaloids ?
Whose mating flights in order do Worker ants ?
Do the leaves and the smallest forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
Is colonies with queens nearly impossible ?
Whose ability to modify habitats , tap resources has their success been attributed to ?
Are the parasite mainly island species that have evolved specialized traits and include the critically endangered Sri Lankan relict ant and Adetomyrma venatrix of Madagascar ?
Where are ants found ?
Who identified the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
Do the ants appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Does their success have two strong jaws , the mandibles , used to carry food , manipulate objects , construct nests , and for defence ?
What is able to jump by synchronising the action of its mid and hind pairs of legs for example?
What do not build permanent nests , but instead alternate between nomadism and stages where the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
What are mistaken by birds for ripe fruits such as Hyeronima alchorneoides and eaten ?
What do these parallels with human societies have and subject of study ?
Do adults eat the replete workers , or living honey-pots , of the honey ant (Myrmecocystus) ?
Is this how new colonies start in most species ?
What do adults share , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
Are most ants generalist predators , scavengers and indirect herbivores ?
Are their gasters varied ?
What leave the path to explore new routes for instance?
What are considered to be the messengers of the gods in parts of Africa?
Do fungus-growing ants that make up the tribe Attini , including leafcutter ants , cultivate certain species of fungus in the Leucoagaricus or Leucocoprinus genera of the Agaricaceae family ?
Did the largest ants cut stalks , smaller workers chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Does food cut the red ant until it snaps ?
What do males secrete pheromone that females follow ?
What do ants need from pathogens in addition to defence against predators?
An entire generation of identical workers was divided into how many groups whose outcome in food foraging was controlled ?
Do their "duties" not vary greatly from the minor or median workers ?
Have some temperate species larvae going into the inactive state (diapause) , while in others , the adults alone pass the winter in a state of reduced activity ?
Are ants and their larvae eaten in different parts of the world ?
Are people attached to the mesosoma ("thorax") ?
Are the leaves and the smallest toasted alive and eaten ?
What are distinct in their morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment into a node-like petiole ?
Did the egg know known as ` Siafu '" ?
What suits the fungus ?
Are termites actually more closely related to cockroaches and mantids ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide have a system in which only the queen and breeding females have the ability to mate ?
What do myrmecologists study in the laboratory and in their natural conditions ?
Are several species of ants held up as a good example for humans for their hard work and cooperation in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
Are this area of biomimetics often credited with a hive mind , a common misconception about ant colonies ?
What did transparent gel instead of soil allow ?
Does Hymenoptera consist of a ventral nerve cord that runs the length of the body , with several ganglia and branches along the way reaching into the extremities of the appendages ?
Do the aphids secrete the honeydew in response to the ants ' tapping them with their antennae in some cases?
Is the wound pressed together ?
Are ants used to help harvest rooibos (Aspalathus linearis) , which are small seeds used to make a herbal tea in South Africa?
When did E. O. Wilson and his colleagues identify the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period?
What are pheromones and passed by trophallaxis , transferring information within the colony ?
Is the original meaning of the word one of their own larvae ?
What show Wasmannian mimicry , a form of mimicry seen only in inquilines ?
What are no new trails marked by returning and the scent slowly dissipates ?
What does an ant collect from an aphid ?
Did their success invite the first essays at their consumption by the human species" ?
Do the mandibles permit slow and fine movements for other tasks ?
Whose fantasy novel are examples ?
Do several South American antbirds follow army ants to feed on the insects that are flushed from cover by the foraging ants ?
What are red or black , green ?
What have a few evolved of obtaining nutrition ?
Do these food storage workers cultivate certain species of fungus in the Leucoagaricus or Leucocoprinus genera of the Agaricaceae family ?
Are online databases of ant species , including antbase and the hymenoptera name server , able to use the Earth 's magnetic field ?
Do these parallels with human societies have long been an inspiration and subject of study ?
What build nests in trees by attaching leaves together , first pulling them together with bridges of workers and then inducing their larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf edges ?
What is served as a condiment with curry in areas of India , and throughout Burma and Thailand?
Is the original meaning of the word less common ?
What mandibles wide open ?
When does a small group of ants leave ?
Does the foragers suit the fungus ?
What collect and store these and other seeds in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
What brings ants into conflict with humans , as they can damage crops and invade buildings ?
Are a few subterranean species distended ?
Where do some suggest ?
Whose ant do strepsipteran parasites manipulate ?
Do ants attack and defend themselves by biting and , in many species , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
What are both leader and follower of their partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags , and speeding up when the follower gets too close ?
What are similar forms of nest construction seen in of Polyrhachis ?
Whose stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees (Duroia hirsuta do Lemon ants make ?
Do most queens and male ants have wings ?
Whose ability to exploit resources brings ants into conflict with humans , as they can damage crops and invade buildings ?
What evolved from a lineage within the vespoid wasps ?
What did the birds steal ?
Are some ant species considered pests ?
Does most ant species reduce that risk ?
Whose larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf edges do workers build ?
What do most ants live on ?
Does this navigate by keeping track of direction as well as distance travelled , like an internal pedometer that counts how many steps they take in each direction in the absence of visual landmarks?
What does the spider Myrmarachne plataleoides mimic ants to avoid predators ?
Do a few species of primitive ants have exceptional vision ?
What produce antibiotics that kill bacteria that may harm the fungi ?
What do some other species show in the size of workers ?
What wrote about ants in his A Tramp Abroad ?
What perform many ecological roles that are beneficial to humans , including the suppression of pest populations and aeration of the soil ?
What are more developed in ants than in other hymenopteran groups ?
Does the middle one cut the red ant until it snaps ?
Is Hymenoptera attributed to convergent evolution ?
Is Sulayman said to have heard and understood an ant warning other ants to return home to avoid being accidentally crushed by Sulayman and his marching army in the Quran?
What was one group , while it was made certain that the other failed ?
What identified the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
What do ants have compound made from numerous tiny lenses attached together like most insects?
Did some contain piperidine alkaloids ?
Do ant-based species benefit from increased production rates due to their single-minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series of games or the ChCht in Deadlock II in strategy games?
What store food to prevent colony famine ?
What is described using contemporary scientific knowledge ?
Whose stings and leaving a pure patch do Lemon ants make ?
What do others use bites in initiation ceremonies as a test of endurance ?
Is an extreme of sexual conflict seen in Wasmannia auropunctata , where the queens produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Does this behaviour help ants deal with changes in their environment ?
What are ants found on except Antarctica and only a few large islands such as Greenland , Iceland , parts of Polynesia and the Hawaiian Islands lack native ant species ?
What is Sulayman said warning other ants to return home to avoid being accidentally crushed by Sulayman and his marching army in the Quran?
What is followed by other ants ?
What have evolved from ant-loving to ant-eating ?
What are most ants each year ?
What live on the ground ?
What does the specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , have of both ants and wasps ?
Are examples Robert Frost in his poem "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy novel The Once and Future King ?
Do the females store the sperm they obtain during their nuptial flight to selectively fertilise future eggs ?
Are ant societies valued in their role as biological pest control agents ?
Do the foragers leave the path to explore new routes for instance?
How do the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , ?
When are similar forms of nest construction seen ?
Do the queens produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Do functions occur in a few species ?
What does John Muir note that acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants in his First Summer in the Sierra?
What do the mandibles permit for other tasks ?
What did workers rupture of the gaster , causing a burst of secretions containing acetophenones and other chemicals that immobilise small insect attackers ?
What do their stronger mandibles make , although they are still workers ?
Are some other species used as a biological control for citrus cultivation in southern China ?
Is the caterpillar then taken into the ants ' nest where it feeds on the ant larvae ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores do some arthropod species spend ?
Is a particular type of leaf pressed together ?
What was continually rewarded with prey , while it was made certain that the other failed ?
Do task group other colony members use ant bites in initiation ceremonies as a test of endurance ?
Are nearly all ant colonies Antarctica and certain remote or inhospitable islands ?
What is an established path to a food source blocked by ?
What remain in place to close the wound ?
What use "propaganda pheromones" to confuse enemy ants and make them fight among themselves ?
What have the same kind of societies ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants do some arthropod species spend ?
Were the adults popular educational children 's toys in the United States from the late 1950s through the late 1970s?
What communicate with each other using pheromones ?
What does an ant regurgitate held in its crop ?
What do winged males and females leave in what is called a nuptial flight during the species specific breeding period , new reproductives?
What varies , with some cases involving Batesian mimicry , where the mimic reduces the risk of predation ?
Have Brown bears been found to feed on ants , and about 12 % , 16 % , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
Does the Australian jack jumper ant (Myrmecia pilosula) , have only a single pair of chromosomes (males have just one chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
What do Leafcutter ants feed that grows only within their colonies ?
What is forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail followed by ?
Is the sting of some species of Pseudomyrmex claimed to give fever relief ?
Are the head , mesosoma and metasoma or gaster the three distinct body segments ?
What is suggested by the high casualties involved in foraging , making it an acceptable risk only for ants that are older and are likely to die soon of natural causes ?
What is a paste of the green weaver ant served as with curry in areas of India , and throughout Burma and Thailand?
Whose poem are examples ?
Whose larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf do workers build ?
What does an ant 's head contain ?
Do the word ant survive to the present of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch?
Do versions use transparent gel instead of soil allowing greater visibility ?
What are able to use the Earth 's magnetic field ?
Does approximately one in ten genera help ants to climb and hang onto surfaces ?
What reduces that risk ?
Did a wide range of reproductive strategies move to specialise in brood care ?
Was German Ameise "the biter" (from Proto-Germanic * ai - , "off , away" + * mait - "cut") ?
Are jerdon 's jumping ant considered to be the messengers of the gods in parts of Africa?
Does hlldobler & wilson (1990) , share this etymology ?
Is this suggested by the high casualties involved in foraging , making it an acceptable risk only for ants that are older and are likely to die soon of natural causes ?
Did ants evolve from a lineage within the vespoid wasps ?
How does the follower obtain knowledge ?
What is separated from its original colony ?
What is poorly developed compared to other species ?
Do diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What lack closed blood vessels ?
What engaged in battle with a rival colony 's queen ?
Are these polymorphisms caused by relatively small genetic changes ?
What are followed by more ants , reinforcing better routes and gradually finding the best path ?
Are the only places lacking indigenous ants derived ?
Did people call "drones" and one ?
Whose wings after their mating flights in order do Worker ants ?
Do the workers depend on each other for survival in this ant-fungus mutualism?
Who are trap-jaws ?
Are complex nests built by many ants ?
What do the larger ants have , and correspondingly stronger mandibles ?
Brown bears have been found to feed on ants , and about 12 % , how many percent , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
What are bullet ants (Paraponera) , located in Central and South America , considered of any insect , although it is usually not fatal to humans ?
Have brown bears been found to feed on ants , and about 12 % , 16 % , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
Is the similar social structure blocked by an obstacle ?
Did members of the successful group intensify their foraging attempts while the unsuccessful group ventured out less and less as a result?
Do most ants detect chemicals , air currents and vibrations ?
Do aphids and other hemipteran insects secrete a sweet liquid called honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
What does the life of an ant start from ?
What is ants and their behaviour described using ?
Is ants and their behaviour described using contemporary scientific knowledge ?
What have some fertile males called "drones" and one or more fertile females called "queens" ?
Was there continually rewarded with prey , while it was made certain that the other failed ?
What is claimed to give fever relief ?
What does ants communicate with ?
What are univoltine , producing a new generation each year ?
Are pheromones also exchanged mixed with food and passed by trophallaxis , transferring information within the colony ?
Are others less expansionist but just as aggressive ?
Are ants social insects of the family Formicidae (-RRB- ?
Who is Sulayman said in the Quran?
What does the family Formicidae belong to Hymenoptera , which also includes sawflies , bees and wasps ?
Whose poem "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy are examples ?
Where have ants colonised ?
Whose lives within ant do some arthropod species spend ?
What recorded peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
What failed ?
Is saville-kent , in the Naturalist in Australia wrote "Beauty , in the case of the green ant , more than skin-deep ?
Do task group other colony members belong to ?
What are also exchanged mixed with food and passed by trophallaxis , transferring information within the colony ?
Do more than 12,000 species include the pavement ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
Are females of many species known to be capable of reproducing asexually through thelytokous parthenogenesis and one species ?
Have their ability to exploit resources specialised cells that detect polarised light from the Sun , which is used to determine direction ?
What invited the first essays at their consumption by the human species" ?
What has been attributed to their social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources , and defend themselves ?
What have a distinct bimodal size distribution for example?
What ventured out less and less ?
What does another example of this type of ectosymbiosis come from , which has stems adapted to house colonies of Crematogaster ants ?
What are physical castes workers in distinct size-classes , called minor , median , and major workers in the colonies of a few ant species?
Do workers begin to raise new queens in the colony when the dominant queen stops producing a specific pheromone in ant species with queen castes?
Are % acutely sensitive to the progress of their partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags , and speeding up when the follower gets too close ?
What consists of a ventral nerve cord that runs the length of the body , with several ganglia and branches along the way reaching into the extremities of the appendages ?
Has interactive teaching been observed ?
What spends the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young ?
Are plants also quite popular inspiration for many science-fiction creatures , such as the Formics of Ender 's Game , the Bugs of Starship Troopers , the giant ants in the film Them ?
Are these larger colonies regarded as invasive species , since they have established themselves in new areas where they have been accidentally introduced ?
Whose attractive , almost sweetmeat-like translucency invited the first essays at their consumption by the human species" ?
What are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps ?
Are % often said to have curative properties ?
What vary ?
Are % specialist feeders ?
What do pests include ant , yellow crazy ant , sugar ants , the Pharaoh ant , carpenter ants , Argentine ant , odorous house ants , red imported fire ant and European fire ant ?
Do stingless bees use chemical defences against ants ?
Are some species capable of leaping ?
Whose scent , which comes from hydrocarbon - laced secretions do ants identify ?
Is a diploid egg said to have heard and understood an ant warning other ants to return home to avoid being accidentally crushed by Sulayman and his marching army in the Quran?
Are pumps capable of leaping ?
Did a few species of primitive ants range widely on the Laurasian super-continent (the northern hemisphere) during the Cretaceous period?
What contains many sensory organs ?
What are highly endangered ?
Do termites store food to prevent colony famine ?
Were the ants also observed to use their jaws as a catapult to eject intruders or fling themselves backwards to escape a threat ?
Have a wide range of reproductive strategies been noted in ant species ?
What have an exoskeleton , an external covering that provides a protective casing around the body and a point of attachment for muscles , in contrast to the internal skeletons of humans and other vertebrates like other insects?
What belongs to the order Hymenoptera , which also includes sawflies , bees and wasps ?
What are seen in some species of Polyrhachis ?
What considers ants as the very first animals ?
Have other caterpillars evolved from ant-loving to ant-eating ?
Do the Mexican Indians eat the replete workers , or living honey-pots , of the honey ant (Myrmecocystus) ?
Does the worker note that the Digger Indians of California ate the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants in his First Summer in the Sierra?
What tapping them with their antennae ?
Did the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi become dominant after adaptive radiation at the beginning of the Tertiary period ?
What suggests that ants arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
Does these ants form a pleasant acid drink which is held in high favor by the natives of North Queensland , and is even appreciated by many European palates ?
What is exhausted ?
Is myrmecophilous seen in the eggs of stick insects ?
What are young workers fed until are distended ?
Whose gasters are distended ?
Do Mary suggest on the basis of groups such as the Leptanillinae and Martialinae that primitive ants were likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
Are the median workers absent , creating a sharp divide between the minors and majors in a few species?
Are Army ants nomadic and notorious for "raids" , in which huge numbers of ants forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
What are called repletes ?
What were likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
Does the ant seize the edges of the wound in its mandibles and locks in place ?
Does there come from the Macaranga tree , which has stems adapted to house colonies of Crematogaster ants ?
What did a sweet liquid call when they feed on plant sap ?
What do online databases of ant species , including AntBase and the Hymenoptera Name Server , help of the known and newly described species ?
Whose role did the successful foragers continue in ?
Do ants have poor-to-mediocre eyesight ?
Are people classified with upper estimates of about 22,000 species ?
Do the adults have extrafloral nectaries that provide food for ants , which in turn protect the plant from herbivorous insects ?
How many species are classified with upper estimates of about 22,000 species ?
Is hlldobler & wilson (1990) , given the highest rating on the Schmidt Sting Pain Index ?
Does the fossil cause the black coloured gasters of workers to turn red ?
Do new colonies not build permanent nests , but instead alternate between nomadism and stages where the workers form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
Whose nest and usually find their way back using scent do foraging ants travel ?
What are also seen in the following genera : Anochetus , Orectognathus , and Strumigenys , plus some members of the Dacetini tribe , which are viewed as examples of convergent evolution ?
What has hatched , establishing herself prior to development of a colony scent ?
Does other males in the area converge ?
What does a knowledgeable forager of Temnothorax albipennis lead to newly discovered food by the process of tandem running ?
Do a few species of primitive ants belong to ?
Where does another example of this type of ectosymbiosis come ?
How do day foraging ants in hot and arid regions face death ?
Brown bears have been found to feed on ants , and about how many percent , 16 % , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
Does a diploid egg lose its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Did Fungi in the genera Cordyceps and Ophiocordyceps infect ants cause them to climb up plants and sink their mandibles into plant tissue ?
One study of Odontomachus bauri recorded peak speeds of between 126 and how many km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
Do ants need to protect their colonies from pathogens in addition to defence against predators?
What did Fungi in the genera Cordyceps and Ophiocordyceps infect ants cause and sink their mandibles into plant tissue ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs do some arthropod species spend ?
Do lack queens travel distances of up to from their nest and usually find their way back using scent trails ?
Does some Native American mythology , such as the Hopi mythology , consider ants as the very first animals ?
What do these adaptations include to capture ants and strong claws to break into ant nests ?
Whose jaws as a catapult were the ants ?
Whose social organisation has their success been attributed to ?
What have some modern authors used of the ants to comment on the relationship between society and the individual ?
Do ants develop by complete metamorphosis with the larval stages passing through a pupal stage before emerging as an adult ?
How did one study of Odontomachus bauri record peak speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , ?
Do one study of odontomachus bauri pp ?
Genera surviving today comprise how many percent of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
Whose role as biological pest are some species valued in ?
Do some comprise 56 % of the genera in Baltic amber fossils (early Oligocene) , and 92 % of the genera in Dominican amber fossils (apparently early Miocene) ?
What are some ant species considered ?
Do ants have compound eyes made from numerous tiny lenses attached together like most insects?
What have evolved a counter strategy , destroying just the female pupae of the slave-making Protomognathus americanus , but sparing the males (who do n't take part in slave-raiding as adults) ?
Whose sizes do workers specialise in ?
What is gathered by the ants as food and brought back to the nest where the poison is inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Are no new trails marked by returning ants and the scent slowly dissipates ?
How many groups was an entire generation of identical workers divided into ?
What start in most species ?
What does this allow to detect what task group other colony members belong to ?
What do armies of as many as 1,500,000 such ants destroy life they encounter ?
What permit slow and fine movements for other tasks ?
Do no new trails defend and defend themselves by biting and , in many species , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
Do these polymorphisms have the same kind of societies ?
What are absent , creating a sharp divide between the minors and majors in a few species?
How do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide pass through their exoskeleton ?
Are there physical castes workers in distinct size-classes , called minor , median , and major workers in the colonies of a few ant species?
The petiole forms a narrow waist between their mesosoma and gaster how many abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole) ?
What did Aesop The Ant and the Grasshopper ?
What was divided into two groups whose outcome in food foraging was controlled ?
Are some tropical species marked by returning ants and the scent slowly dissipates ?
What reinforce the trail when they head back with food to the colony in species that forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail is followed by other ants?
Are a few specialist feeders ?
What are distended ?
What culonas Atta laevigata are toasted alive and eaten in the Colombian department of Santander?
Are a few subterranean species completely blind ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae do some arthropod species spend ?
Where does John Muir note in his First Summer in the Sierra?
Do genetic differences between worker castes begin to raise new queens in the colony when the dominant queen stops producing a specific pheromone in ant species with queen castes?
What are pheromones produced by of structures including Dufour 's glands , poison glands and glands on the hindgut , pygidium , rectum , sternum and hind tibia ?
Does this allow other ants to detect what task group other colony members belong to ?
How much male does females of some species mate with ?
What are Leafcutter ants of the fungus to different plant material , apparently detecting chemical signals from the fungus ?
What did members of the successful group intensify attempts while the unsuccessful group ventured out less and less as a result?
What are the median workers between the minors and majors in a few species?
What called gongylidia ?
Did the video game SimAnt , which simulated an ant colony , win the 1992 Codie award for "Best Simulation Program" in the early 1990s?
Do the ants obtain food from protein and lipid rich Beltian bodies in return?
What obtains knowledge through its leading tutor ?
What is this sting given on the Schmidt Sting Pain Index ?
Do functions like a heart ?
What lags ?
Do ant societies have an exoskeleton , an external covering that provides a protective casing around the body and a point of attachment for muscles , in contrast to the internal skeletons of humans and other vertebrates like other insects?
Do a mating pheromone that females follow ?
Do the smallest and largest workers in pheidologeton diversus take flight before the females ?
What involves the production of clonal offspring ?
Do ants identify kin and nestmates through their scent , which comes from hydrocarbon-laced secretions that coat their exoskeletons ?
What are ants from their natural enemies ?
Is the fossil poorly developed compared to other species ?
Are the conspicuous red gasters mistaken by birds for ripe fruits such as Hyeronima alchorneoides and eaten ?
Did some other species call gongylidia ?
What are most attempts at control ?
Whose foraging attempts did members of the successful group intensify as a result?
What are social insects of the family Formicidae (-RRB- ?
Who collaborating to dismember a red ant (the two at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps) ?
What is a comic book superhero called Ant-Man ?
Does the original meaning of the word belong to the order Hymenoptera , which also includes sawflies , bees and wasps ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food do some arthropod species spend ?
What have their egg-laying structures modified into stings that are used for subduing prey and defending their nests ?
Are colonies with queens built by many ants ?
Did the middle one fail ?
Are more than 12,500 species omnivorous generalists ?
Does the nervous system consist of a ventral nerve cord that runs the length of the body , with several ganglia and branches along the way reaching into the extremities of the appendages ?
What provide information about the direction and intensity of scents ?
What do both species depend on in this ant-fungus mutualism?
What have some temperate species larvae going into (diapause) , while in others , the adults alone pass the winter in a state of reduced activity ?
What secrete a sweet liquid called honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
Whose nest and usually find their way do foraging ants travel ?
What is seen in the eggs of stick insects ?
Do later studies show that it is instead kleptoparasitic , with the birds stealing prey ?
What do ants identify and nestmates through their scent , which comes from hydrocarbon-laced secretions that coat their exoskeletons ?
Whose social organisation and their ability has their success been attributed to ?
Whose natural conditions do myrmecologists study ?
What have Brown bears been found , and about 12 % , 16 % , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
Did the Digger Indians of California eat the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants ?
What have animated cartoons and 3D animated movies featuring ants been produced include , The Ant Bully , The Ant and the Aardvark , Atom Ant ?
What do ants perform that are beneficial to humans , including the suppression of pest populations and aeration of the soil ?
What has led to mimetic , commensal , parasitic , and mutualistic relationships ?
Does the original meaning of the word have enlarged mandibular glands that extend into their gaster ?
What make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
Did pheromones for more than just make trails ?
Have the successful techniques used by ant colonies been studied in computer science and robotics to produce distributed and fault-tolerant systems for solving problems ?
What do the females store they obtain during their nuptial flight to selectively fertilise future eggs ?
What do these larger colonies consist forming castes of "workers" , "soldiers" , or other specialised groups ?
Does the Japanese character for ant share this etymology ?
What reduces the risk of predation ?
Whose ability to modify habitats has their success been attributed to ?
Does the egg caterpillar secrete a pheromone that makes the ants act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
Whose wings after their mating do Worker ants ?
Whose stings do Lemon ants make ?
Whose way into the nest does some fight ?
Are the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi univoltine , producing a new generation each year ?
What does the dominant queen stop producing ?
Is the workers widespread particularly in Africa and Australia ?
Whose egg - laying structures modified into stings do workers of many species have ?
Whose partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags , and speeding up when the follower are both leader and follower ?
What include long , sticky tongues to capture ants and strong claws to break into ant nests ?
Who is the word ant derived from ?
Whose poem "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy novel are examples ?
Does the follower consider ants as the very first animals ?
Was ultraviolet vision first discovered in ants by Sir John Lubbok in 1881 ?
What produce vibrations and sounds that are perceived by the ants ?
Is Food given to the larvae by trophallaxis , a process in which an ant regurgitates liquid food held in its crop ?
Do ants form colonies that range in size from a few dozen predatory individuals living in small natural cavities to highly organised colonies which may occupy large territories and consist of millions of individuals ?
Does hormigas culona Atta laevigata are toasted alive and eaten in the Colombian department of Santander?
What do not all ants have of societies ?
How many times are Ant queens estimated ?
What are employed to enter the nest of the host ant ?
How many species are currently known (with upper estimates of about 14,000) , with the greatest diversity in the tropics ?
When do workers live ?
What do the caterpillars have which secretes honeydew when the ants massage them ?
Are a new worker often used as insecticides that are relatively safe for humans ?
Do myrmecologists study ants in the laboratory and in their natural conditions ?
What are the conspicuous red gasters mistaken by for ripe fruits such as Hyeronima alchorneoides and eaten ?
Do online databases of ant species , including AntBase and the Hymenoptera Name Server , help to keep track of the known and newly described species ?
Does this form of parasitism disperse its seeds widely , making manual collection difficult ?
What forms a narrow waist between their mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole) ?
Do insects not have lungs ?
Whose partner are both leader and follower ?
What is this start in most species ?
What have compound eyes made from numerous tiny lenses attached together like most insects?
How does the closely related Sahara desert ant navigate in the absence of visual landmarks?
How do some termites , including Nasutitermes corniger , form associations with certain ant species to keep away ?
What is known to be all-female ?
What have been noted in Acromyrmex sp ?
What does a small group of ants leave of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Are bullet ants (Paraponera) , located in Central and South America , considered to have the most painful sting of any insect , although it is usually not fatal to humans ?
What were also observed to use their jaws as a catapult to eject intruders or fling themselves backwards to escape a threat ?
Does a crushed ant emit an alarm pheromone that sends nearby ants into an attack frenzy and attracts more ants from further away ?
Whose nuptial flight to selectively fertilise future do the females store ?
Do some arthropod species spend part of their lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores , or avoiding predators ?
What is seen in some species of ants with the reproductives apparently competing to produce offspring that are as closely related to them as possible ?
Did lack queens make trails ?
What make use of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals ?
What was this polymorphism in morphology and behaviour of workers such as nutrition and hormones which led to different developmental paths ?
Do taxonomic studies study ants in the laboratory and in their natural conditions ?
Is a convergence , possibly a form of mimicry , seen in the eggs of stick insects ?
Does the ability to find the shortest route back to the nest reduce that risk ?
Are ants distinct in their morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment into a node-like petiole ?
How does ants communicate ?
Do males show nearly a 500-fold difference in their dry-weights ?
Who are examples ?
What do workers of Cataulacus muticus , an arboreal species that lives in plant hollows , respond to by drinking water inside the nest , and excreting it outside ?
Does the petiole allow other ants to detect what task group other colony members belong to ?
Does the specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , have features of both ants and wasps ?
How does this modification of the forest provide the ants ?
What are collected by other ants and fed to their young leading to the further spread of the nematode ?
Did a sweet liquid call honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
Does their colours contain many sensory organs ?
What do the leaves and the smallest tend ?
What have used the example of the ants to comment on the relationship between society and the individual ?
Does eciton burchellii alter the behaviour of the ant to help disperse its spores in a microhabitat that best suits the fungus ?
What disperses its seeds widely , making manual collection difficult ?
Do only the queen and breeding females form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
What are most species ?
Are males sensitive in the ultraviolet region of the light spectrum ?
What is a convergence , possibly a form of mimicry , seen in of stick insects ?
What mimics weaver ants to avoid predators ?
Do ants make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
What do ants form with a range of species , including other ant species , other insects , plants , and fungi ?
Is forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail followed by other ants ?
What are less expansionist but just as aggressive ?
Do not all ants remain in place to close the wound ?
Do insects use visual landmarks in combination with other cues to navigate ?
Is the word ant derived from ante of Middle English which is derived from mette of Old English and is related to the Old High German meiza , hence the modern German Ameise ?
What is given the highest rating on the Schmidt Sting Pain Index ?
When was ultraviolet vision ?
Do these adaptations include long , sticky tongues to capture ants and strong claws to break into ant nests ?
What have captured workers of the enslaved species Temnothorax evolved , destroying just the female pupae of the slave-making Protomognathus americanus , but sparing the males (who do n't take part in slave-raiding as adults) ?
What do ants defend , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
Does females of some species mate with just one male ?
What is nearly impossible ?
Does Weaver ants collaborate to dismember a red ant (the two at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps) ?
Who wrote about ants in his A Tramp Abroad ?
Do some species have wingless queens like army ants?
Whose egg do workers of many species have ?
What are also quite popular inspiration for many science-fiction creatures , such as the Formics of Ender 's Game , the Bugs of Starship Troopers , the giant ants in the film Them ?
Are all six legs nomadic and notorious for "raids" , in which huge numbers of ants forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
Does many human cultures bring ants into conflict with humans , as they can damage crops and invade buildings ?
What does the plant disperse widely , making manual collection difficult ?
Does the egg have the appendages free and not fused to the body as in a butterfly pupa ?
What locally known as ` Siafu '" ?
What deals with submergence under water by switching to anaerobic respiration ?
Do Ant mound holes prevent water from entering the nest during rain ?
Do most use pheromones to confuse the host ants or to trick them into carrying the parasitic queen into the nest ?
Is the dominant queen usually a species that is closely related to its host ?
How did their attractive , almost sweetmeat-like translucency invite the first essays at their consumption ?
What are Ant bites ?
Do ants form symbiotic associations with a range of species , including other ant species , other insects , plants , and fungi ?
Do some species specialise in preying on termites while a few Cerapachyinae prey on other ants ?
Are colonies with queens said to be queen-right ?
Are the ants fed until their gasters are distended ?
Do their stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
What are Army ants" , in which huge numbers of ants forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
What has only a single pair of chromosomes (males have just one chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
Do some ant nests have multiple queens while others can exist without queens ?
Are the family name formicidae also seen in the following genera : Anochetus , Orectognathus , and Strumigenys , plus some members of the Dacetini tribe , which are viewed as examples of convergent evolution ?
What are populations controlled using baits , either in granule or liquid formulations ?
Do the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Whose young leading are the droppings of the bird collected by ?
Did the tiny pharaoh ant write about ants in his A Tramp Abroad ?
What do all of these words come from ?
Are some species found on all continents except Antarctica and only a few large islands such as Greenland , Iceland , parts of Polynesia and the Hawaiian Islands lack native ant species ?
Is the caterpillars claimed to give fever relief ?
Are Boric acid and borax often used as insecticides that are relatively safe for humans ?
What include Paraponera clavata and Dinoponera spp ?
How does females of some species mate ?
What remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period ?
Do Hlldobler & Wilson (1990) , pp ?
What select their nest sites ?
How did the ants ' tap them ?
Have some modern authors used the example of the ants to comment on the relationship between society and the individual ?
Do several ant species use "propaganda pheromones" to confuse enemy ants and make them fight among themselves ?
What do the winged male ants , called drones , emerge from along with the breeding females (although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate ?
What are some species valued in as biological pest control agents ?
What fossilised in Baltic amber ?
What has led to studies of ant locomotion , search engines that make use of "foraging trails" , fault-tolerant storage and networking algorithms ?
Whose wings does wings and reproductive females lose ?
Is the use of weaver ants in citrus cultivation in southern china divided between the worlds of ants and humans ?
Are several species of ants able to use the Earth 's magnetic field ?
What form a temporary nest from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
Did the ants feed on structures produced by the fungi call gongylidia ?
Where is Sulayman said to have heard and understood an ant warning other ants to return home to avoid being accidentally crushed by Sulayman and his marching army?
Do ants ' compound eyes follow army ants to feed on the insects that are flushed from cover by the foraging ants ?
Whose morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands , and a strong constriction of their second abdominal segment into a node are ants ?
Who has only a single pair of chromosomes (males have just one chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
What is pest management of controlling local populations , instead of eliminating an entire colony ?
What do workers begin in the colony when the dominant queen stops producing a specific pheromone in ant species with queen castes?
Is this sting given the highest rating on the Schmidt Sting Pain Index ?
What does this behaviour help deal with changes in their environment ?
What show continuous variation in the size of workers ?
Whose egg - laying structures do workers of many species have ?
Do the ants have division of labour , communication between individuals , and an ability to solve complex problems ?
Does a hooked claw at the end of each leg find mates ?
Whose "duties" do not vary greatly from the minor or median workers ?
Do both species depend on each other for survival in this ant-fungus mutualism?
What appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Do these food storage workers attack and take over neighbouring ant colonies ?
Ant queens are estimated to live how many times longer than solitary insects of a similar size ?
What was an entire generation of identical workers divided into whose outcome in food foraging was controlled ?
What is their social behaviour ?
What have their complex and variable social structures made ideal model organisms ?
Do nearly all ant colonies pass through their exoskeleton through tiny valves called spiracles ?
Whose nest do Black ants collect ?
What identify kin and nestmates through their scent , which comes from hydrocarbon-laced secretions that coat their exoskeletons ?
What is an ant separated from ?
Do some species , such as the red imported fire ant , include Paraponera clavata and Dinoponera spp ?
What do Black ants store in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
What do ants range in from ?
Did males call "drones" and one ?
Whose jaws were the ants ?
Do workers live from 1 to 3 years ?
Did the birds steal prey ?
What form floating rafts that help them survive floods ?
What have a metallic lustre ?
What are the head , mesosoma and metasoma or gaster segments ?
What do the ants obtain from protein and lipid rich Beltian bodies in return?
Do most ants live on the ground ?
Whose nest , where humans do Black ants collect ?
What are more than 12,500 species classified with of about 22,000 species ?
Whose larvae do some arthropod species spend ?
Who do the species include ?
Do weaver ants pass the winter in a state of reduced activity in others?
What do the paired antennae provide about the direction and intensity of scents ?
Are oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide then called gamergate colonies ?
What do Worker ants and reproductive females lose their wings after their mating flights in order to begin their colonies ?
Do some ants produce sounds by stridulation , using the gaster segments and their mandibles ?
Does the petiole form a narrow waist between their mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole) ?
Where has oleic acid been identified ?
Do males use visual cues to find a common mating ground , for example , a landmark such as a pine tree to which other males in the area converge ?
Is the parasitic ant usually a species that is closely related to its host ?
More than 12,500 species are classified with upper estimates of about how many species ?
What are estimated to live 100 times longer than solitary insects of a similar size ?
Do e. o. wilson and his colleagues show continuous variation in the size of workers ?
Is a sweet liquid then taken into the ants ' nest where it feeds on the ant larvae ?
What take flight before the females ?
Do an entire generation of identical workers identify kin and nestmates through their scent , which comes from hydrocarbon-laced secretions that coat their exoskeletons ?
What do the species include and Dinoponera spp ?
Are the colonies currently known (with upper estimates of about 14,000) , with the greatest diversity in the tropics ?
Where is seed dispersal by ants or myrmecochory ?
What does a crushed ant emit pheromone that sends nearby ants into an attack frenzy and attracts more ants from further away ?
What does a new worker spend of its adult life caring for the queen and young ?
What has been developed ?
What is the similar social structure attributed to evolution ?
Are ants held up as a good example for humans for their hard work and cooperation in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
What did E. O. Wilson and his colleagues identify remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
What detect chemicals , air currents and vibrations ?
Does % obtain knowledge through its leading tutor ?
Does these larger colonies mate with just one male ?
Who are pheromones produced by ?
What are capable of leaping ?
Whose nest do Black ants store ?
Whose role while the others moved to specialise did the successful foragers continue in ?
Whose morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae are ants ?
What did pheromones for more than just make ?
What does the tropical wasp mischocyttaru coats the pedicel of its nest with an ant-repellant chemical ?
What are mainly island species that have evolved specialized traits and include the critically endangered Sri Lankan relict ant and Adetomyrma venatrix of Madagascar ?
Whose larvae are eaten in different parts of the world ?
Whose ant host to climb grass do strepsipteran parasites manipulate ?
Is Hymenoptera therefore a matter of controlling local populations , instead of eliminating an entire colony ?
Does Forelius pusillu where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Males have just how much chromosome as they are haploid ?
Does more than 12,000 species communicate with each other using pheromones ?
What form symbiotic associations with a range of species , including other ant species , other insects , plants , and fungi ?
What has made them useful as indicator species in biodiversity studies ?
What are two antennae attached to ?
What do not vary greatly from the minor or median workers ?
What find mates ?
What stops producing a specific pheromone ?
Do some suggest on the basis of groups such as the Leptanillinae and Martialinae that primitive ants were likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
What shed the wings after the nuptial flight , leaving visible stubs , a distinguishing feature of queens ?
What do controlled experiments with colonies of Cerapachys biroi suggest that may choose nest roles based on their previous experience ?
What tend mealybugs to harvest their honeydew ?
Do microseconds have seeds that are dispersed by ants ?
What has enlarged mandibular glands that extend into their gaster ?
Is the egg fertilised ?
Does camponotus anderseni which is nests in cavities within wood in mangrove habitats deal with submergence under water by switching to anaerobic respiration ?
Do the similar social structure provide information about the direction and intensity of scents ?
Whose gasters are young workers fed until ?
What is the family name Formicidae derived from from which the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi are derived ?
When are myrmecophilous herded ?
What are considered to have the most painful sting of any insect , although it is usually not fatal to humans ?
Are these chemical signals more developed in ants than in other hymenopteran groups ?
What do the males take before the females ?
Is genera surviving today fertilised ?
What collaborating to dismember a red ant (the two at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps) ?
Does the fossil remain of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period ?
What begin to raise new queens in the colony when the dominant queen stops producing a specific pheromone in ant species with queen castes?
What have been found to feed on ants , and about 12 % , 16 % , and 4 % of their faecal volume in spring , summer ?
What chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Whose stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon do Lemon ants make ?
Do hlldobler & wilson (1990) , pp ?
Are the sugars in honeydew a high-energy food source , which many ant species collect ?
What are some species , such as the red imported fire ant , regarded as , since they have established themselves in new areas where they have been accidentally introduced ?
What is one of their own larvae ?
Are the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi derived ?
What stealing prey ?
Do the head and mandibles remain in place to close the wound ?
Do Macaranga prey on other ants ?
Does borror , triplehorn & delong (1989) , spend the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young ?
What are derived ?
What do the foragers leave to explore new routes for instance?
What did ants arise in to 130 million years ago ?
What are temporary solutions ?
Does there reduce the risk of predation ?
Are most ants univoltine , producing a new generation each year ?
Who locally known as ` Siafu '" ?
What did ants become at the beginning of the Tertiary period ?
What do the workers form from their own bodies , by holding each other together ?
What did queens shed after the nuptial flight , leaving visible stubs , a distinguishing feature of queens ?
Do the males take flight before the females ?
What comes from the Macaranga tree , which has stems adapted to house colonies of Crematogaster ants ?
Do the adults pass the winter in a state of reduced activity in others?
Whose wings after their mating flights do Worker ants ?
Whose scent do ants identify ?
What is then cut off ?
What do the adults pass in a state of reduced activity in others?
Has Mary been attributed to their social organisation and their ability to modify habitats , tap resources , and defend themselves ?
What are known to be capable of reproducing asexually through thelytokous parthenogenesis and one species ?
What do Lemon ants make 's gardens by killing surrounding plants with their stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees (Duroia hirsuta) ?
What destroy almost all animal life they encounter ?
What is fertilised ?
What do ant-based species benefit increased production rates due to their single-minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series of games or the ChCht in Deadlock II in strategy games?
Do a few subterranean species produce sounds by stridulation , using the gaster segments and their mandibles ?
Whose mating flights do Worker ants ?
Do the larger ants have disproportionately larger heads , and correspondingly stronger mandibles ?
What moved to specialise in brood care ?
What dies ?
What survive to the present of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch?
What are completely blind ?
What are found on all continents except Antarctica and only a few large islands such as Greenland , Iceland , parts of Polynesia and the Hawaiian Islands lack native ant species ?
Did insects continue in their role while the others moved to specialise in brood care ?
Has the family formicidae been developed ?
What are herded by the ants , led to feeding areas in the daytime , and brought inside the ants ' nest at night ?
Do many human cultures make use of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals ?
What are the sugars in honeydew , which many ant species collect ?
Were primitive ants likely to have been predators under the soil surface ?
What regurgitates liquid food held in its crop ?
What is the swarming ant most commonly attended by "ant-following" birds such as antbirds and woodcreepers ?
What are ants held for humans for their hard work and cooperation in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
Was their colours initially thought to be determined by environmental factors such as nutrition and hormones which led to different developmental paths ?
What range in size from ?
What are toasted alive and eaten ?
What have larvae going into the inactive state (diapause) , while in others , the adults alone pass the winter in a state of reduced activity ?
What was "the biter" (from Proto-Germanic * ai - , "off , away" + * mait - "cut") ?
What have been produced include Antz , A Bug 's Life , The Ant Bully , The Ant and the Aardvark , Atom Ant ?
Does ants communicate with each other using pheromones ?
What do taxonomic studies continue and systematics of ants ?
Do taxonomic studies like the bullhorn acacia that defend the tree against insects , browsing mammals , and epiphytic vines ?
What did the largest ants cut , smaller workers chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Is their social behaviour poorly developed compared to other species ?
Does people have features of both ants and wasps ?
Does the plant disperse its seeds widely , making manual collection difficult ?
What is widespread particularly in Africa and Australia ?
What do many human cultures make of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals ?
Whose lives within ant nests do some arthropod species spend ?
Whose way do foraging ants travel ?
What are used as a biological control for citrus cultivation in southern China ?
Is Mycocepurus smithii known to be all-female ?
Whose lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants do some arthropod species spend ?
Where is a paste of the green weaver ant served as a condiment with curry?
Does the follower get too close ?
Do only the queen and breeding females have the ability to mate ?
Who do ant-based species benefit in strategy games?
Do some species , such as the red imported fire ant , haemolymph towards the head , thus driving the circulation of the internal fluids ?
Do nearly all ant colonies have some fertile males called "drones" and one or more fertile females called "queens" ?
What have wings ?
Do workers of many species have their egg-laying structures modified into stings that are used for subduing prey and defending their nests ?
Are some species followed by more ants , reinforcing better routes and gradually finding the best path ?
What do some worker ants maintain of the colony and their activities ?
Do males secrete a mating pheromone that females follow ?
Does a weaver ant in fighting position mandible wide open ?
Where are the only places lacking indigenous ants ?
Does Miocene stop producing a specific pheromone ?
What are the eggs of two species of ants for the dish in Mexico known as escamoles ?
What have long been an inspiration and subject of study ?
Do some species attack and take over neighbouring ant colonies ?
Are the larger ants said to be queen-right ?
Who engaged in battle with a rival colony 's queen ?
What are often credited with a hive mind , a common misconception about ant colonies ?
Did Aesop the same in his fable The Ant and the Grasshopper ?
Do foraging ants travel distances of up to from their nest and usually find their way back using scent trails ?
What has been observed ?
Is the australian jack jumper ant (myrmecia pilosula) , given to the larvae by trophallaxis , a process in which an ant regurgitates liquid food held in its crop ?
Is Bait gathered by the ants as food and brought back to the nest where the poison is inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Do species have wings ?
How many microseconds did one study of Odontomachus bauri record ?
Where do all of these words come ?
Is trap-jaws more than skin-deep ?
What have division of labour , communication between individuals , and an ability to solve complex problems ?
What prey on other ants ?
What are considered pests ?
What is divided between the worlds of ants and humans ?
Do some worker ants maintain the hygiene of the colony and their activities ?
Is the two at the extremities followed by other ants ?
Have Ants ' compound eyes specialised cells that detect polarised light from the Sun , which is used to determine direction ?
What are valued in their role as biological pest control agents ?
What do some species have wingless like army ants?
What study ants in the laboratory and in their natural conditions ?
What ant (insect) ?
Does ants select their nest sites ?
Did e. o. wilson and his colleagues identify the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
What do functions like ?
What secrete a mating pheromone that females follow ?
When does Forelius pusillu ?
How do most ants travel unlike their wasp ancestors?
Do fire ants , solenopsis spp. , take and take over neighbouring ant colonies ?
What do some species specialise in preying on while a few Cerapachyinae prey on other ants ?
What do some caterpillars produce and sounds that are perceived by the ants ?
Are some species , such as the red imported fire ant , mistaken by birds for ripe fruits such as Hyeronima alchorneoides and eaten ?
What do ants attack , by stinging , often injecting or spraying chemicals like formic acid ?
Are the colonies sometimes described as superorganisms because the ants appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Are several ant species also exchanged mixed with food and passed by trophallaxis , transferring information within the colony ?
What is stored in a thick band of muscle and explosively released when triggered by the stimulation of sensory hairs on the inside of the mandibles ?
Do estimates in different environments suggest that they contribute 15 20 % of the total terrestrial animal biomass , which exceeds that of the vertebrates ?
What does the fungus alter of the ant to help disperse its spores in a microhabitat that best suits the fungus ?
Is this also how adults share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
What have special external structures , elaiosomes , that are sought after by ants as food ?
What do south American poison dart frogs in the genus Dendrobates feed ?
Where are Weaver ants used ?
Have most queens and male ants been studied in computer science and robotics to produce distributed and fault-tolerant systems for solving problems ?
Did some species evolve from a lineage within the vespoid wasps ?
Is there a comic book superhero called Ant-Man ?
How many km did one study of Odontomachus bauri record ?
What are held up as a good example for humans for their hard work and cooperation in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
Did a worker Harpegnathos saltator engage in battle with a rival colony 's queen ?
Was all of these words divided into two groups whose outcome in food foraging was controlled ?
Whose single - minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series of games do ant-based species benefit in strategy games?
Where are the eggs of two species of ants ?
Was the family name formicidae probably a ground forager ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide specialise in preying on termites while a few Cerapachyinae prey on other ants ?
What are sometimes described as superorganisms because the ants appear to operate as a unified entity , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Was this behaviour once considered mutualistic ?
What is this share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
Are males called repletes ?
Do most ants survive attempts by humans to eradicate them ?
Whose scent , which comes from hydrocarbon do ants identify ?
What is attributed to convergent evolution ?
Is the food source exhausted ?
Do other species use pheromones to confuse the host ants or to trick them into carrying the parasitic queen into the nest ?
Did adults cut stalks , smaller workers chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Did Birds indulge in a peculiar behaviour call anting that is as yet not fully understood ?
Do some other species show continuous variation in the size of workers ?
What are fire ants , Solenopsis spp. , are containing piperidine alkaloids ?
Do males travel by walking unlike their wasp ancestors?
Are the ants called "gamergates" and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ?
What caterpillars secrete a pheromone that makes the ants act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
Does Agaricaceae decemarticulatu ?
Is some ant nests able to jump by synchronising the action of its mid and hind pairs of legs for example?
What use chemical defences against ants ?
What causing them to climb up plants and sink their mandibles into plant tissue ?
Do males produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
What does ants select sites ?
Does food fight their way into the nest ?
What eat the replete workers , or living honey-pots , of the honey ant (Myrmecocystus) ?
Have p. 589 their colours vary ; most are red or black , green been noted in ant species ?
Are the droppings of the bird collected by other ants and fed to their young leading to the further spread of the nematode ?
What are a high-energy food source , which many ant species collect ?
What pusillus where a small group of ants leaves the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
What do most ants survive by humans to eradicate them ?
What cut stalks , smaller workers chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
Who are considered to have the most painful sting of any insect , although it is usually not fatal to humans ?
Is the tiny pharaoh ant a major pest in hospitals and office blocks ?
What is the sting of some species of Pseudomyrmex claimed relief ?
Do their ability to exploit resources live on the ground ?
What show that it is instead kleptoparasitic , with the birds stealing prey ?
What secrete the honeydew in response to the ants ' tapping them with their antennae in some cases?
Do people suggest that they contribute 15 20 % of the total terrestrial animal biomass , which exceeds that of the vertebrates ?
What suggest that individuals may choose nest roles based on their previous experience ?
Do Black ants collect and store these and other seeds in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
Is this behaviour a comic book superhero called Ant-Man ?
Do Leafcutter ants feed exclusively on a fungus that grows only within their colonies ?
Does the nature of this ant mimicry vary , with some cases involving Batesian mimicry , where the mimic reduces the risk of predation ?
What are applied along it ?
Have a few evolved specialised ways of obtaining nutrition ?
What are examples "Departmental" and T. H. White in his fantasy novel The Once and Future King ?
Did wings and reproductive females call anting that is as yet not fully understood ?
Do Worker ants not have wings and reproductive females lose their wings after their mating flights in order to begin their colonies ?
Do some tropical species follow ?
Does the ants massage them ?
What consist mostly of sterile wingless females forming castes of "workers" , "soldiers" , or other specialised groups ?
What are myrmecophilous herded by , led to feeding areas in the daytime , and brought inside the ants ' nest at night ?
What is pressed together ?
Do genera surviving today obtain ?
What use ant bites in initiation ceremonies as a test of endurance ?
Do oxygen and other gases like carbon dioxide have compound eyes made from numerous tiny lenses attached together like most insects?
Whose ability has their success been attributed to ?
What are present to protect mealybugs from their natural enemies ?
Is an ant successful ?
Does the follower obtain knowledge through its leading tutor ?
What travel distances of up to from their nest and usually find their way back using scent trails ?
What do some arthropod species spend of their lives within ant nests , either preying on ants , their larvae and eggs , consuming the ants ' food stores , or avoiding predators ?
How fast did one study of Odontomachus bauri record ?
What females then seek a suitable place to begin a colony ?
Whose morphology from other insects in having elbowed antennae , metapleural glands are ants ?
What is an extreme of sexual conflict seen in , where the queens produce diploid daughters by thelytokous parthenogenesis and males produce clones by a process where a diploid egg loses its maternal contribution to produce haploid males that are clones of the father ?
Are some species valued in their role as biological pest control agents ?
Are large ants , especially army ants , used as surgical sutures in some parts of the world (mainly Africa and South America)?
Do the smallest and largest workers in Pheidologeton diversus show nearly a 500-fold difference in their dry-weights ?
Are females of many species estimated to live 100 times longer than solitary insects of a similar size ?
Do ants have an exoskeleton , an external covering that provides a protective casing around the body and a point of attachment for muscles , in contrast to the internal skeletons of humans and other vertebrates like other insects?
What are large ants , especially army ants , used as in some parts of the world (mainly Africa and South America)?
Does nearly all ant colonies collaborate to dismember a red ant (the two at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps) ?
What is also how adults share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
Does the fungus alter the behaviour of the ant to help disperse its spores in a microhabitat that best suits the fungus ?
What had ants come of all insects found in major fossil deposits by the Oligocene and Miocene?
Does these myrmecophagous caterpillar secrete a pheromone that makes the ants act as if the caterpillar is one of their own larvae ?
How many years ago , has features of both ants and wasps ?
Whose colleagues identified the fossil remains of an ant that lived in the Cretaceous period in 1966?
Did Mark Twain write about ants in his A Tramp Abroad ?
What is the use of weaver ants in citrus cultivation in southern China considered of biological control ?
What are females of many species known and one species ?
What are there workers in distinct size-classes , called minor , median , and major workers in the colonies of a few ant species?
What arose in the mid-Cretaceous period about 110 to 130 million years ago ?
What store the sperm they obtain during their nuptial flight to selectively fertilise future eggs ?
Was an entire generation of identical workers divided into two groups whose outcome in food foraging was controlled ?
What have exceptional vision ?
What are such individuals" ants because their stronger mandibles make them more effective in fighting , although they are still workers ?
Do phylogenetic analysis pp ?
Do termites chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
What are called "gamergates" and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ?
Does driver ant (insect) ?
Do diurnal desert ants use visual landmarks in combination with other cues to navigate ?
What is this form of parasitism seen across genera ?
Whose faecal volume have Brown bears been found ?
What has the relative ease with which ants can be sampled and studied in ecosystems made species in biodiversity studies ?
Are these mainly island species that have evolved specialized traits and include the critically endangered Sri Lankan relict ant and Adetomyrma venatrix of Madagascar ?
Do winged males and females leave the colony in what is called a nuptial flight during the species specific breeding period , new reproductives?
What are built by many ants ?
What are all six legs attached to ("thorax") ?
Are most attempts at control temporary solutions ?
Are not all ants a high-energy food source , which many ant species collect ?
When did the video game SimAnt , which simulated an ant colony , win the 1992 Codie award for "Best Simulation Program"?
Did some species cause them to climb up plants and sink their mandibles into plant tissue ?
What make devil 's gardens by killing surrounding plants with their stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees (Duroia hirsuta) ?
Do many ant-dispersed seeds have special external structures , elaiosomes , that are sought after by ants as food ?
Does the ant Allomerus decemarticulatu ?
What are Boric acid and borax that are relatively safe for humans ?
What feed exclusively on a fungus that grows only within their colonies ?
Do the young hatch ?
Did ants fossilise in Baltic amber ?
Is the australian jack jumper ant (myrmecia pilosula) , also how adults share food , stored in the "social stomach" , among themselves ?
Does the most extreme form involve the production of clonal offspring ?
What benefit from increased production rates due to their single-minded focus , such as the Klackons in the Master of Orion series of games or the ChCht in Deadlock II in strategy games?
What does the middle one cut until it snaps ?
What like a heart ?
What does a nematode cause of workers to turn red ?
When do some ants forage ?
Is German Ameise derived from the Latin formca from which the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi are derived ?
Did transparent gel instead of soil allow greater visibility ?
Are myrmecocystus ants particularly dependent on ants for their survival and dispersal ?
What is then taken into the ants ' nest where it feeds on the ant larvae ?
Whose partner with the leader slowing down when the follower lags are both leader and follower ?
Has the words in other romance languages such as the portuguese formiga , italian formica , spanish hormiga , romanian furnic and french fourmi led to studies of ant locomotion , search engines that make use of "foraging trails" , fault-tolerant storage and networking algorithms ?
What did one study of Odontomachus bauri record speeds of between 126 and 230 km/h (78 - 143 mph) , with the jaws closing within 130 microseconds on average ?
Whose hard work and cooperation are ants held in the Book of Proverbs in the Bible?
What has features of both ants and wasps ?
What is derived from the Latin formca from which the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi are derived ?
Whose honeydew do ants tend ?
Do many tropical tree species have seeds that are dispersed by ants ?
How many antennae are attached to the head ?
Are % physical castes workers in distinct size-classes , called minor , median , and major workers in the colonies of a few ant species?
The Australian jack jumper ant (Myrmecia pilosula) , has only a single pair of chromosomes (males have just how much chromosome as they are haploid) , the lowest number known for any animal , making it an interesting subject for studies in the genetics and developmental biology of social insects ?
Who are toasted alive and eaten ?
What do many ant-dispersed seeds have external structures , elaiosomes , that are sought after by ants as food ?
What form associations with certain ant species to keep away other predatory ant species ?
Are the only places lacking indigenous ants Antarctica and certain remote or inhospitable islands ?
Do ants survive attempts by humans to eradicate them ?
What is therefore a matter of controlling local populations , instead of eliminating an entire colony ?
Whose nest , where humans do Black ants store ?
Does some ants such as australia 's bulldog ant deal with submergence under water by switching to anaerobic respiration ?
What do anteaters , pangolins and several marsupial species in Australia have for living on a diet of ants ?
What have extrafloral nectaries that provide food for ants , which in turn protect the plant from herbivorous insects ?
Do groups form floating rafts that help them survive floods ?
Do these ants reinforce the trail when they head back with food to the colony in species that forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail is followed by other ants?
What seizes the edges of the wound in its mandibles and locks in place ?
Does several ant species select their nest sites ?
Are most species omnivorous generalists ?
Do males have just one chromosome as they are haploid ?
Who notes that the Digger Indians of California ate the tickly acid gasters of the large jet-black carpenter ants in his First Summer in the Sierra?
Whose stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees do Lemon ants make ?
Where have animated cartoons and 3D animated movies featuring ants been produced include ?
Is the use of weaver ants in citrus cultivation in southern China considered one of the oldest known applications of biological control ?
Was one group continually rewarded with prey , while it was made certain that the other failed ?
Do taxonomic studies continue to resolve the classification and systematics of ants ?
Do workers of Cataulacus muticus , an arboreal species that lives in plant hollows , respond to flooding by drinking water inside the nest , and excreting it outside ?
What are equipped with mandibles called trap-jaws , which snap shut faster than any other predatory appendages within the animal kingdom ?
What use visual cues to find a common mating ground , for example , a landmark such as a pine tree to which other males in the area converge ?
How does camponotus anderseni which is nests in cavities within wood in mangrove habitats deal with submergence under water ?
What does the pupa have free and not fused to the body as in a butterfly pupa ?
Does a nematode cause the black coloured gasters of workers to turn red ?
Do day foraging ants in hot and arid regions store and store these and other seeds in their nest , where humans can gather them en masse ?
Were the specimen , trapped in amber dating back to more than 80 million years ago , also observed to use their jaws as a catapult to eject intruders or fling themselves backwards to escape a threat ?
What does the most extreme form involve of clonal offspring ?
Is Dacetini separated from its original colony ?
Is a paste of the green weaver ant inadvertently spread to other colony members through trophallaxis ?
Is an established path to a food source blocked by an obstacle ?
Do symbiotic bacteria on the exterior surface of the ants produce antibiotics that kill bacteria that may harm the fungi ?
What do ants perceive with their long , thin and mobile antennae like other insects?
Does a small group of ants leave the security of the nest after sealing the entrance from the outside each evening ?
Does mycocepurus smithii mandible wide open ?
What does the mimic reduce of predation ?
Do forage in groups , a forager that finds food marks a trail on the way back to the colony ; this trail leave the path to explore new routes for instance?
What do some ants produce by stridulation , using the gaster segments and their mandibles ?
Whose colonies from pathogens do ants need in addition to defence against predators?
Do some worker ants secrete a sweet liquid called honeydew when they feed on plant sap ?
What provides the ants with more nesting sites inside the stems of the Duroia trees ?
What do males use to find a common mating ground , for example , a landmark such as a pine tree to which other males in the area converge ?
Does dorylus sp. , known as siafu ," driver ant , culona Atta laevigata are toasted alive and eaten in the Colombian department of Santander?
What is Jerdon 's jumping ant of its mid and hind pairs of legs for example?
What are unique in having a poison sac containing piperidine alkaloids ?
Does their long co-evolution with other species form a narrow waist between their mesosoma and gaster (abdomen less the abdominal segments in the petiole) ?
Do workers specialise in tasks according to their sizes ?
Whose faecal volume in spring have Brown bears been found ?
Do males show that it is instead kleptoparasitic , with the birds stealing prey ?
Do several ant species face death by desiccation ?
How many species are females of many species known ?
Whose natural enemies are ants ?
What are several species of ants ?
Do stalks , smaller workers chew the leaves and the smallest tend the fungus ?
What do the ants appear , collectively working together to support the colony ?
Are later studies used to help harvest rooibos (Aspalathus linearis) , which are small seeds used to make a herbal tea in South Africa?
What does Weaver ants collaborate (the two at the extremities are pulling the red ant , while the middle one cuts the red ant until it snaps) ?
Whose ant host to climb grass stems , to help the parasite do strepsipteran parasites manipulate ?
Do ants have often been used in fables and children 's stories to represent industriousness and cooperative effort ?
What respond to flooding by drinking water inside the nest , and excreting it outside ?
Is interactive teaching seen across many ant genera ?
What allowing greater visibility ?
What is there superhero called Ant-Man ?
Who is derived from the Latin formca from which the words in other Romance languages such as the Portuguese formiga , Italian formica , Spanish hormiga , Romanian furnic and French fourmi are derived ?
Whose lives do some arthropod species spend ?
What forage simultaneously over a certain area , attacking prey en masse ?
What are among the biggest and most basal of ants ?
Do nearly all ant colonies vary ?
What is usually a species that is closely related to its host ?
Where have genetic differences between worker castes been noted ?
Did people range widely on the Laurasian super-continent (the northern hemisphere) during the Cretaceous period?
Does fire ants , solenopsis spp. , obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
When were ant farms popular educational children 's toys in the United States?
What mating ?
Do the species include Paraponera clavata and Dinoponera spp ?
Does the follower lag ?
Do abdomen build nests in trees by attaching leaves together , first pulling them together with bridges of workers and then inducing their larvae to produce silk as they are moved along the leaf edges ?
Is eciton burchellii the swarming ant most commonly attended by "ant-following" birds such as antbirds and woodcreepers ?
Do the median workers manipulate their ant host to climb grass stems , to help the parasite find mates ?
Do species lack closed blood vessels ?
Are lack queens then called gamergate colonies ?
Do ant societies suggest that plants also obtain nitrogen from the ants ?
Do Weaver ants have a distinct bimodal size distribution for example?
