What does the Jewish Museum have on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
Have most of the ministries initiated waves of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
What based in Berlin the 1871 German Empire , the Weimar Republic , Nazi Germany , East Germany , and now the reunified Germany initiated ambitious construction programs , each with its own distinctive character ?
Where is there ?
Is the John F. Kennedy School , a bilingual GermanAmerican public school located in Zehlendorf , particularly popular with children of Diplomats and the expat community ?
What is in fact an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
How many inhabitants are estimated ?
When do Marlene dietrich ?
When were the IAAF World Championships in Athletics held ?
Is the street and part of humboldt university seat of both a Roman Catholic bishop and a Protestant bishop (Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia) ?
What was Frederick the Great ?
What is the city 's appearance it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
What were united politically in 1307?
These are the Humboldt Universitt zu Berlin with how many students , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with 30,000 students ?
How many classes does Berlin have ?
What handled more than 21 million passengers in 2008 ?
Had the company been founded already in 1890 ?
Does the Senate of Berlin aim to increase the number to 15 % of city traffic by the year 2010 ?
What are going to begin a joint electric car and charging station test project in Berlin called "E-Mobility Berlin ?
When was Berlin the third largest municipality in the world?
Where are the highest elevations in Berlin ?
How many theaters is Berlin ?
Is berlin 's built-up area limited and subordinate to the Senate of Berlin ?
The victorious powers divided the city into how many sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided ?
When did the city become part of the new Province of Brandenburg?
What did Frederick William , known as the Great Elector , who had succeeded his father George William as ruler in 1640 , initiate of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
How many seats is the city and state parliament ?
What was the Volksbhne on Rosa Luxemburg Platz built in had been founded already in 1890 ?
What Accessed 19 December 2006 ?
Where do long-distance rail lines connect ?
Where is the settlement of Spandau ?
When is the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's Berlin central areas ?
What came to power in 1740 Frederick II , known as Frederick?
What does Berlin have , two Buddhist temples , and 76 mosques ?
Did the German parliament and government begin their work in Berlin in 1999?
What is situated in Tempelhof-Schneberg ?
What calculates an increasing budget surplus in 2008 due to increasing growth rates and tax revenues?
Berlin is home to more than how many theaters ?
Is the Museum Island a World Heritage Site ?
When was Berlin awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO?
What was completely separated ?
Does seats display the bust of Queen Nefertiti , A 3,000-year-old smile , Expatica.Com ?
What did the two cities form from the beginning?
Where is Schloss Charlottenburg ?
What was the church destroyed in ?
Did Elector Frederick become internationally renown as a center of cultural transformation , at the heart of the Roaring Twenties during the Weimar era?
Is the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day berlin the Senate of Berlin (Senat von Berlin) ?
Are this office several joint projects with many other cities , such as Copenhagen , Helsinki , Johannesburg , Shanghai , Seoul , Sofia , Sydney , and Vienna ?
Is the city the oldest ?
The Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church has how many parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Did the Industrial Revolution transform Berlin during the 19th century ?
Who did Berlin become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia?
When did the two cities form an economic and social unit?
Do substantial parts of present-day Berlin extend onto the low plateaus on both sides of the Spree Valley ?
Where does the Jewish Museum present ?
Is Barnim home to some of Berlin 's luxurious stores with the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at its eastern end on Breitscheidplatz ?
What is located in eastern Germany , about 70 kilometers west of the border with Poland in an area with marshy terrain ?
Is the street and part of Humboldt University located there ?
What no longer necessarily correspond to the names of the collections they house ?
Is Mary first mentioned in 1197 , and Kpenick in 1209 , though these areas did not join Berlin until 1920 ?
How many mosques does Berlin have ?
What is Berlin known for lane system ?
Does his successor , frederick ii , consist of the Governing Mayor as deputy to the Governing Mayor ?
What were reunified as the Federal Republic of Germany on 3 October 1990?
When has this office been held by Klaus Wowereit of the SPD?
Does the total budget include an estimated amount of 5.5 bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Did West Berlin become a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
What participates in international city associations such as the Union of the Capitals of the European Union , Eurocities , Network of European Cities of Culture , Metropolis , Summit Conference of the World 's Major Cities , Conference of the World 's Capital Cities ?
Who do Steglitz-Zehlendorf , Tempelhof-Schneberg , and Neuklln lie ?
When is the Charit hospital complex ?
Did Frederick II have a population of around four million after this expansion?
Did adjacent to this area increase the area of Berlin from 66 square kilometers and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million ?
When do most of the localities have ?
Is schloss charlottenburg the Groer Stern , a circular traffic island on which the Siegessule is situated ?
Had Berlin to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Has) left the city with a highly eclectic array of architecture and buildings ?
Did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history through the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 in spring 2006?
Is Berlin Germany 's largest city with a population of 3.4 million people?
What ist arm ?
When were accumulators installed ?
Did john f. kennedy have not been rebuilt since the Second World War ?
What opened in 1912 in Charlottenburg ?
What had Berlin as a free Hanseatic city ?
What did the Aussiedlergesetze make from the former Soviet Union possible in the 1990s?
Is the Borough Council elected by the Borough Assembly (Bezirksverordnetenversammlung) ?
What did not join Berlin until 1920 ?
Are the largest denominations the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia at 19.8 % of the population EKD / ref > and Roman Catholics at 9.4 % chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
Where does the museum , which is a private venture , exhibit ?
What did the Thirty Years ' War between 1618 and 1648 have for Berlin ?
Do the founding of the two german states continue to settle in the city ?
Is unter den linden mainly based on the service sector ?
Was the city divided after World War II?
Does the Beate Uhse Erotic Museum near Zoo Station claim to be the world 's largest erotic museum ?
Who is the course of the Havel ?
Did a series of lakes establish secondary departments or service offices in the city ?
Was their cultural influence on the city immense ?
When does Treptower Park beside the Spree in Treptow have ?
Do most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
What does the city have program ?
Is the city 's government based on a coalition between the Social Democratic Party and The Left ?
Is Unter den Linden a tree lined east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss , and was once Berlin 's premier promenade ?
Who do Ich bin ein ?
What destroyed Berlin 's Jewish community , which had numbered 170,000 before 1933 ?
Were the city 's government canceled at the time of German reunification and later partially reestablished ?
When does the Senate of Berlin aim ?
What is also well known for the techno carnival Love Parade , club transmediale and the cultural festival Berliner Festspiele , which include the jazz festival JazzFest Berlin ?
What is elected by the Borough Assembly (Bezirksverordnetenversammlung) ?
Who preserves a portion of the Wall ?
When were many buildings in Mitte , the former city center of East Berlin , renovated?
Was Former West Berlin 's electricity supply provided by thermal power stations ?
What includes the Hackesche Hfe , a conglomeration of buildings around several courtyards , reconstructed around 1996 ?
Did SOUND gain notoriety in the late 1970s for its popularity with heroin users and other drug addicts as described in Christiane F. 's book Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ?
How many percent of the population adhere to other Christian churches , and 8.8 % adhere to Islam / ref > ?
What were eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
What formed an economic and social unit from the beginning?
Is there a wide variety of museums apart from the Museum Island?
What lie on the Teltow plateau ?
Is document subdivided into twelve boroughs (Bezirke) ?
Where were outlying suburbs including Wedding , Moabit , and several others incorporated in 1861?
Did frederick william , known as the great elector , who had succeeded his father george william as ruler in 1640 , become part of the new Province of Brandenburg in 1815?
Has the brandenburg gate been celebrated annually in February since 1978 ?
Was West Berlin now de facto a part of West Germany with a unique legal status , while East Berlin was de facto a part of East Germany ?
When did the Industrial Revolution transform ?
The Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stands between the how many cathedrals ?
What is its economy sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , media corporations , congress and convention venues ?
Did Elector Frederick begin their work in Berlin in 1999?
When did the city-state of Berlin have a population of 3,431,700 registered inhabitants in an area of?
Does light snowfall house the remains of some of the earlier Prussian royal family ?
What is recognized for its festivals , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts , extensive public transportation networks and a high quality of living ?
Is the East Side Gallery an open-air exhibition of art painted directly on the last existing portions of the Berlin Wall ?
Where did the Karneval der Kulturen , a multi-ethnic street parade celebrate ?
What has the FIVB World Tour chosen Alexanderplatz to present a beach volleyball Grand Slam every year ?
Where have most of the over 120,000 Jews in Berlin come ?
Did Tegel International Airport handle more than 21 million passengers in 2008 ?
Was the city 's population density 3,848 inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Where has Berlin established ?
Where is the Exberliner , a monthly magazine , ?
Did (attend film festival worldwide ?
Who did the city respond with in 1685?
What did subsequent members of the Hohenzollern family rule until of Brandenburg , then as kings of Prussia , and finally as German emperors ?
Has the festival been celebrated annually in February since 1978 ?
What does the Spree follow now ?
What did each of the national governments base in programs , each with its own distinctive character ?
Did the berlin wall in 1986 build environment ?
What does the German Museum of Technology in Kreuzberg have of historical technical artifacts ?
Is Ortsteile) noted for its numerous cultural institutions , many of which enjoy international reputation ?
Who is more like a chain of lakes , the largest being the Tegeler See and Groer Wannsee ?
What did the Greater Berlin Act unite of suburban cities , villages , and estates around Berlin into a greatly expanded city at the expense of Brandenburg in 1920?
What are a total number of 62,000 scientists working in and development ?
What does Debt-Laden Berlin go Aid , Deutsche Welle ?
What is the economy of the city sector ?
Is Berliner Dom Berlin 's largest park located in Mitte and was designed by Peter Joseph Lenn ?
What is Daniel Barenboim ?
What Dietrich , 1951 song by the actress and singer born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
When does Berlin as a German state and as a major European city have one of the lowest numbers of cars per capita?
What do ethnic Germans make of the Russian-speaking population ?
Are a total number of 62,000 scientists working in research and development ?
Is the Funkturm Berlin a tall lattice radio tower at the fair area , built between 1924 and 1926 ?
What is Europe 's largest zoo in terms of square meters ?
Did Robert Koch discover the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
What is the metropolis to world-renowned universities , research institutes , sporting events , orchestras , museums and personalities ?
Did 6,000 settle in Berlin ?
What are no statistics about them , because they are often stateless ?
Is the weimar republic more like a chain of lakes , the largest being the Tegeler See and Groer Wannsee ?
What did the nominal GDP of the citystate Berlin experience rate of 1.6 % billion in 2008?
What has chosen an inner-city site near Alexanderplatz to present a beach volleyball Grand Slam every year ?
What does Daimler manufacture ?
The city and state parliament is the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has how many seats ?
Where does a series of lakes feed ?
What does the city have of research institutions , such as the Fraunhofer Society , Leibniz-Gemeinschaft and the Max Planck Society , which are independent of , or only loosely connected to its universities ?
Were the bombs eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
Was the Weimar Republic proclaimed in Berlin at the end of World War I in 1918?
What include optoelectronics , traffic engineering , IT , renewable energy , pharmaceuticals , biomedical engineering , and biotechnology ?
Where was Frederick the Great ?
Who specializes in twentieth century European painting ?
What were restored in 1993?
Does the course of the havel include an estimated amount of 5.5 bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
When does this include ?
Is the area around hackescher markt simultaneously Lord Mayor of the city and Prime Minister of the Federal State (Ministerprsident des Bundeslandes) ?
What was the subsequent position of locality representative discontinued in of borough mayors ?
Where is the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra ?
Do other industries include optoelectronics , traffic engineering , IT , renewable energy , pharmaceuticals , biomedical engineering , and biotechnology ?
Does Daimler manufacture cars ?
What is based on a coalition between the Social Democratic Party and The Left ?
Has Berlin established itself as a center of youth and popular culture in Europe ?
Did 36 Hours in Berlin , NYT , access 29 May 2007 ?
What extend onto the low plateaus on both sides of the Spree Valley ?
What is the East Side Gallery art painted directly on the last existing portions of the Berlin Wall ?
Where do Siemens and Deutsche Bahn control among the Forbes Global 2000 and the 30 German DAX companies?
Were there 23 before Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform?
Who Die kleine Berlin-Statistik ?
What have a studio in the city ?
Where was Marlene Dietrich born ?
What re-opened in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history through the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 in spring 2006?
Does Berlin have a long tradition as a city of medicine and medical technology ?
Did the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day berlin form an economic and social unit from the beginning?
Is 2.7 % of the population a World Heritage Site ?
What was discontinued in favor of borough mayors ?
What was 3,848 inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Has the previously built-up part in front of it established itself as the third most-visited city destination in the European Union ?
The Senate of Berlin aims to increase the number to how many percent of city traffic by the year 2010 ?
Was the marxist-leninist german democratic republic initiated by municipal architecture programs to build new residential or business quarters and main roads ?
How much bn has Berlin as a German state accumulated ?
Was the Philharmonic based in West Berlin ?
Is the Reichstag building the site of the German parliament ?
Where did East Berlin become ?
Did the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's berlin central areas come from Bohemia , Poland , and Salzburg ?
What did the allies overcome by airlifting food and other supplies into the city from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949 ?
What is considered to be the "founding date" ?
Who was Rudolf Virchow ?
Did) become Lutheran in 1539?
What was the city 's population density per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Are the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's berlin central areas also rather widespread in Eastern parts ?
What exhibits a comprehensive array of material about people who devised ingenious plans to flee the East ?
What are the largest denominations / ref > and Roman Catholics at 9.4 % chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
Did berlin discover the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
What get taught the curriculum in German and a foreign language , starting in primary school and later in secondary school at these schools?
Does the church provide a good viewing point over the southern part of inner city Berlin in Kreuzberg?
What does Berlin 's built-up area create microclimate , with heat stored by the city 's buildings ?
What have no registered religious affiliation ?
Has Berlin developed a highly complex transportation infrastructure providing very diverse modes of urban mobility ?
Is its economy home to about 4.3 million in an area of ?
Who niemals zu sein ("Berlin is a city condemned always to become , never to be .") ?
Where was Friedrichstrae ?
Was Berlin successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (19331945) ?
Where are there several museums of world art and culture , such as the Museum of Indian Art , the Museum of East Asian Art , the Ethnological Museum , the Museum of European Cultures , as well as the Allied Museum (a museum of the Cold War) , the Brcke Museum (an art museum)?
How many boroughs 's Map of Berlin ?
Who is Unter den Linden ?
What established Berlin as capital of the margraviate ?
Does its name commemorate the uprisings in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
The Larger Urban Zone comprised about five how many people in an area of 17,385 km in the year 2004 ?
Was this protest not successful ?
Were approximately 20 percent of Berlin 's residents French ?
What does the Senate of Berlin calculate surplus in 2008 due to increasing growth rates and tax revenues?
What is Berlin noted for , many of which enjoy international reputation ?
When did the city regain its status as the capital of all Germany hosting 147 foreign embassies?
Is the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin a major research library in addition to the libraries affiliated with the various universities?
What is Berlin carnival Love Parade , club transmediale and the cultural festival Berliner Festspiele , which include the jazz festival JazzFest Berlin ?
Who was the founder of cellular pathology , while Robert Koch , discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
Are classes coming together to watch the match on huge videoscreens ?
Clln on the Fischerinsel is first mentioned in a how much document ?
Is friedrichstrae also a large Arab community , mostly from Palestine and Iraq ?
Did his successor , frederick ii , establish itself provisionally in Bonn ?
What does Berlin schafft erste Krieg (German) , SpiegelOnline ?
What has Berlin evolved into for young individuals and artists attracted by a liberal lifestyle and modern zeitgeist ?
Did the sectors of the western allies retain shared responsibility for Berlin ?
Is the city and state parliament Germany 's main memorial to Polish soldiers ?
What did the Industrial Revolution transform ?
What is known for its numerous beach bars along the river Spree ?
How many countries was the Federal Republic of Germany founded in in 1949?
What was Berlin awarded of "City of Design" by UNESCO in 2005?
Does this have now become the backbone of the whole city 's power system ?
What are infrastructure , education and social programs EU cohesion funds ?
Are people the Teufelsberg and the Mggelberge ?
What is there , mostly from Palestine and Iraq ?
What aims to transfer all of Berlin 's air traffic in November 2011 to a newly built airport at Schnefeld , to be renamed Berlin Brandenburg International Airport ?
Is the Exberliner , a monthly magazine , Berlin 's English-language periodical focusing on arts and entertainment ?
What had a population of around four million after this expansion?
Is Berlin , across the Spree in what is now called the Nikolaiviertel , referenced in a document from 1244 ?
How many boroughs is Berlin subdivided into ?
What were damaged ?
Where did a tree line ?
Does the greater berlin act invest in several projects within the city of Berlin ?
What does Berlin have the Kppen climate classification system ?
When was the BerlinWarsaw Urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low Barnim plateau to the north and the Teltow plateau to the south , formed ?
What experienced a growth rate of 1.6 % billion in 2008?
Whose own , even though most of the localities do the localities have ?
What is Berlin centres of Knowledge and Innovation Communities of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) ?
Is the two cities predominantly shaped by the key role it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
Do parishes cross 197 kilometers of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
What do the borough mayors form Brgermeister) , led by the city 's Governing Mayor , which advises the Senate ?
When were 470,051 residents of foreign nationality , originating from 195 different countries?
How many inhabitants was the city 's population density ?
Where do substantial parts of present-day Berlin extend ?
When has Berlin as a German state accumulated ?
Is document located there ?
Did) come to be known simply as Berlin over time?
Did pressure from the East German population break free across the Berlin Wall on 9 November 1989 , which was subsequently mostly demolished in 1989?
What aim to establish a European aviation hub with a gateway to Asia ?
How is Adjacent to this area the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , ?
Where does its name commemorate ?
What are several joint projects with many other cities , such as Copenhagen , Helsinki , Johannesburg , Shanghai , Seoul , Sofia , Sydney , and Vienna ?
How many universities does the city have ?
What did the founding of the two German states increase ?
The Jewish Museum has a standing exhibition on how many millennia of German-Jewish history ?
What did Berlin become of the Brandenburg electors in 1451?
What is the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra in the world ; Is Rattle 's Berlin honeymoon over ?
What did Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party come to on 30 January 1933 (Machtergreifung)?
Where does Berlin 's airport authority aim ?
Does the soviet sector rank among the top three innovative regions in the EU ?
When did Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party come to power?
Are the urban and historical legacy generally chilly to mild ?
Are the marxist-leninist german democratic republic 108 public libraries to be found in the city ?
Is the former considered to be the "founding date" ?
Is West of the center , Schloss Bellevue the residence of the German President ?
What is the metropolitan area of the Berlin-Brandenburg region to about 4.3 million in an area of ?
What der Kulturen der Welt , www.hkw.de ?
What includes the Botanic Museum Berlin ?
What became the capital of East Germany while West Berlin became a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
What were of foreign nationality , originating from 195 different countries in December 2008?
What are the Humboldt Universitt zu Berlin with 35,000 students , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with 30,000 students ?
Is its current musical director Daniel Barenboim ?
What was surrounded by East German territory ?
What manufactures cars ?
Where is approximately half-way from the Brandenburg Gate ?
What does National and international migration into the city have ?
Do berlin fr Naturkunde ?
Are there several museums of world art and culture , such as the Museum of Indian Art , the Museum of East Asian Art , the Ethnological Museum , the Museum of European Cultures , as well as the Allied Museum (a museum of the Cold War) , the Brcke Museum (an art museum) in Dahlem?
Who does the Altes Museum in the Lustgarten display ?
Where has the FIVB World Tour chosen ?
What do The and the Deutsche Bahn manage systems ?
Did the Karneval der Kulturen , a multi-ethnic street parade celebrate every Pentecost weekend , ENGLISH SUMMARY , www.karneval-berlin.de , ?
When did 36 Hours in Berlin , NYT , access ?
When did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history through the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989?
What are there orchestras in Berlin ?
What were East Berlin 's partnerships canceled at of German reunification and later partially reestablished ?
What adhere to other Christian churches , and 8.8 % adhere to Islam / ref > ?
Is Frederick with moderate rainfall throughout the year ?
Is berlin schafft poor , but sexy ?
Daily riders accounting for how many percent of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
When had the company been founded ?
Is the wall governed by a Borough Council and a Borough Mayor (Bezirksbrgermeister) ?
What do riders have to 620 km of bike paths including approx ?
Where do City authorities aim ?
Where was West Berlin ?
What has a unique bilingual school program embedded in the "Europaschule" ?
Was the gendarmenmarkt , a neoclassical square in berlin whose name dates back to the napoleonic occupation of the city , born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Are cathedrals the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia at 19.8 % of the population EKD / ref > and Roman Catholics at 9.4 % chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
What did the German parliament and government begin in Berlin in 1999?
What is the city 's government based on between the Social Democratic Party and The Left ?
What are not independent municipalities ?
When does Light snowfall occur ?
What did the act increase of Berlin from 66 square kilometers and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million ?
What is Berlin known for bars along the river Spree ?
Was Berlin devastated by bombing raids during World War II and many of the old buildings that escaped the bombs were eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
What is located there ?
Does Edict have a long history ?
What does Deutsche Bahn run to regional destinations like Nuremberg , Hamburg , Freiburg and more ?
What does the Altes Museum in the Lustgarten display of Queen Nefertiti , A 3,000-year-old smile , Expatica.Com ?
Did the Greater Berlin Act unite dozens of suburban cities , villages , and estates around Berlin into a greatly expanded city at the expense of Brandenburg in 1920?
Is airline service to west berlin known as a flat and fast course ?
When did Berlin become capital of the newly founded German Empire?
Are both hills settling in the city ?
Where are Universal Music and Sony Music headquartered in Germany?
What is the annual Berlin Marathon known as ?
What has been held by Klaus Wowereit of the SPD since 2001?
Was his successor , frederick ii , constructed when West Berlin 's electrical system was a totally independent system ?
When did the Great come to power?
Does the wall erste Etatplus seit dem Krieg (German) , SpiegelOnline ?
What does its name commemorate in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
Does the church have eight parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Did these areas not join Berlin until 1920 ?
When did the nominal GDP of the citystate Berlin experience a growth rate of 1.6 % billion?
What ruled until 1918 in Berlin , first as electors of Brandenburg , then as kings of Prussia , and finally as German emperors ?
Does Berlin have Germany 's largest number of daily newspapers , with numerous local broadsheets (Berliner Morgenpost , Berliner Zeitung , Der Tagesspiegel) , and three major tabloids , as well as national dailies of varying sizes , each with a different political affiliation , such as Die Welt , Junge Welt , Neues Deutschland , and Die Tageszeitung ?
Does Kppen include the Hackesche Hfe , a conglomeration of buildings around several courtyards , reconstructed around 1996 ?
Was Frederick the Great one of Europe 's enlightened monarchs ?
Does the west german government serve as central East-West-Axis ?
What became internationally renown as a center of cultural transformation , at the heart of the Roaring Twenties during the Weimar era?
What was Former West Berlin 's electricity supply provided by stations ?
What are several museums of world art and culture , such as the Museum of Indian Art , the Museum of East Asian Art , the Ethnological Museum , the Museum of European Cultures , as well as the Allied Museum (a museum of the Cold War) , the Brcke Museum (an art museum) in Dahlem?
What has two commercial airports ?
Is the Brandenburg Gate an iconic landmark of Berlin and Germany ?
Where has the history of medicine been ?
Did berlin schafft have a population of 3,431,700 registered inhabitants in an area of as of December 2008?
What has one of the most diverse and vibrant nightlife scenes in Europe ?
Where does the European Union invest ?
Are the boroughs of Berlin not independent municipalities ?
What are seven symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
What did the LaBelle discothque in Friedenau become of the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing ?
How many kilometers is Berlin located in ?
Does symphony run trains to regional destinations like Nuremberg , Hamburg , Freiburg and more ?
Where had Berlin ?
How did SOUND gain notoriety in the late 1970s for its popularity with heroin users and other drug addicts as described in Christiane F. ?
Who established Berlin as capital of the margraviate ?
What had devastating consequences for Berlin ?
Is the west german government annually held in February ?
How many bridges cross 197 kilometers of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
Who lie on the Teltow plateau ?
Is the Governing Mayor simultaneously Lord Mayor of the city and Prime Minister of the Federal State (Ministerprsident des Bundeslandes) ?
What is the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe , a Holocaust memorial , situated to ?
Who are part of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
What is home to the fashionable culture , with countless clothing outlets , clubs , bars , and galleries ?
Is the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra one of the preeminent orchestras in the world ; Is Rattle 's Berlin honeymoon over ?
What is Berlin speaking ?
How much air were large parts of Berlin destroyed in during the war?
Did the total annual state budget of Berlin in 2007 exceed 20.5 million ?
Is berlin schafft Simon Rattle ?
Is Berlin known for its highly developed bike lane system ?
Who Dietrich , 1951 song by the actress and singer born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Where did the German parliament and government begin in 1999?
What was the third largest municipality in the world during the 1920s?
When did Town twinning between Berlin and other cities begin ?
Did many other immigrants come from Bohemia , Poland , and Salzburg ?
Is Berlin 's largest church the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral ?
Do subsequent members of the hohenzollern family lie on the Barnim plateau , while most of the boroughs Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
Did the Thirty Years ' War between 1618 and 1648 have devastating consequences for Berlin ?
Berlin has how many schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
What does Tegel lie within limits , whereas Schnefeld handles mainly low-cost-aviation and is situated just outside Berlin 's south-eastern border in the state of Brandenburg ?
Where did Berlin become in 1451?
Are the highest elevations in berlin headquartered in Berlin ?
What have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
Is democracy and market economy located on the Spree Island across from the site of the Berliner Stadtschloss and adjacent to the Lustgarten ?
Does its economy have a temperate/mesothermal climate according to the Kppen climate classification system ?
The Federal Republic of Germany was founded in West Germany , and eventually included all of the American , British , and French zones , but excluded those how many countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany in 1949?
Do berlin 's unique recent history have no registered religious affiliation ?
Did states overcome the blockade by airlifting food and other supplies into the city from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949 ?
Does Berlin Philharmonic elect Sir Simon Rattle , Culturekiosque ?
What are headquartered in Berlin ?
Did states not join Berlin until 1920 ?
Where is Tierpark Friedrichsfelde , founded in 1955 in the grounds of Schloss Friedrichsfelde in the Borough of Lichtenberg , ?
When did significant de-industrialization change after Germanys reunification?
Were accumulators installed during the 1980s at some of these power stations ?
Does the subsequent position of locality representative have one of the most diverse and vibrant nightlife scenes in Europe ?
When was the Federal Republic of Germany founded in West Germany , and eventually included all of the American , British , and French zones , but excluded those three countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany?
Where does BMW build ?
Does schloss charlottenburg have three major opera houses : the Deutsche Oper , the Berlin State Opera , and the Komische Oper ?
What die ?
When did subsequent members of the Hohenzollern family rule ?
Is the office of Berlin 's Governing Mayor in the Rotes Rathaus (Red City Hall) ?
How many Games of the XI Olympiad Accessed 18 November 2006 ?
What occurs from December through March ?
Is universal music and sony music Berlin 's English-language periodical focusing on arts and entertainment ?
Who is the Kurfrstendamm ?
What are headquartered in Berlin as well in Germany?
Where did 6,000 settle ?
Does the Altes Museum in the Lustgarten display the bust of Queen Nefertiti , A 3,000-year-old smile , Expatica.Com ?
What did the growing political differences between the Western Allies and the Soviet Union lead , which controlled the territory surrounding Berlin , to impose the Berlin Blockade , an economic blockade of West Berlin ?
Did Groer Wannsee line by monumental residential buildings , designed in the Socialist Classicism Style of the Stalin era ?
Is the Fernsehturm at Alexanderplatz in Mitte the second-tallest structure in the European Union at ?
What does the Spree meet Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
What was this monument , built to commemorate Prussia 's victories , relocated in front of the Reichstag ?
Does the Jewish Museum have a standing exhibition on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
Do the office of berlin 's governing mayor form the Council of Mayors (Rat der Brgermeister) , led by the city 's Governing Mayor , which advises the Senate ?
Is the museum fr naturkunde one of the preeminent orchestras in the world ; Is Rattle 's Berlin honeymoon over ?
Where is the office of Berlin 's Governing Mayor ?
What regained its status as the capital of all Germany hosting 147 foreign embassies following German reunification in 1990?
Are there 36 Baptist congregations , 29 New Apostolic Churches , 15 United Methodist churches , eight Free Evangelical Congregations , an Old Catholic church , and an Anglican church in Berlin ?
The Jewish Museum presents a standing exhibition on how many millennia of GermanJewish history ?
Did) expand dramatically ?
What were registered in the city in 2006?
How much symphony are there ?
What has been widely influenced by scientists from Berlin ?
Did berlin , across the spree in what is now called the nikolaiviertel , exceed 20.5 million ?
What does the Qatar Total German open ?
Did Frederick II break free across the Berlin Wall on 9 November 1989 , which was subsequently mostly demolished in 1989?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation do the localities have ?
Was frederick william de facto a part of East Germany ?
What is an entire quarter built from scratch after 1995 after the Wall came down ?
What is Berlin for nightlife and DJ-culture in Europe ?
Where did his successor , Frederick II , establish ?
What does Berlin participate in associations such as the Union of the Capitals of the European Union , Eurocities , Network of European Cities of Culture , Metropolis , Summit Conference of the World 's Major Cities , Conference of the World 's Capital Cities ?
Are document several museums of world art and culture , such as the Museum of Indian Art , the Museum of East Asian Art , the Ethnological Museum , the Museum of European Cultures , as well as the Allied Museum (a museum of the Cold War) , the Brcke Museum (an art museum) in Dahlem?
Does the Spree meet the river Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
When have active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin initiated ?
's the borough of spandau twelve boroughs and their localities ?
Is the european union one of the most popular areas for nightlife and DJ-culture in Europe ?
What are estimated ?
Does Elector Frederick preserve a portion of the Wall ?
Does Juni serve as central East-West-Axis ?
What is each borough subdivided into of localities (Ortsteile) , which represent the traditional urbanized areas that inhabitants identify with ?
How many schools are there ?
What is also a large Arab community , mostly from Palestine and Iraq ?
What is West of the center , Schloss Bellevue of the German President ?
When is the Funkturm Berlin ?
Who was one of Europe 's enlightened monarchs ?
Did the largest attend film festival worldwide ?
What does RBB have there ?
Where are Universal Music and Sony Music headquartered in Berlin as well?
Did the victorious powers divide the city into four sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided ?
What does this include of buildings around several courtyards , reconstructed around 1996 ?
What discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
Did the larger urban zone make immigration from the former Soviet Union possible in the 1990s?
Does the west german government build motorcycles in Berlin ?
What did the Great come to in 1740 Frederick II , known as Frederick?
What do Berlin ist ?
The Larger Urban Zone comprised about five million people in an area of how many km in the year 2004 ?
Were the IAAF World Championships in Athletics held in the Olympiastadion in August 2009 ?
Has the previously built-up part in front of it been well known since the 1990s for techno music ?
Is the berlin wall in 1986 a wide variety of museums apart from the Museum Island?
What do several major clubs representing the most popular spectator sports in Germany have in Berlin ?
How many passengers did Tegel International Airport handle ?
What led to an ever-changing and trendsetting image among major cities ?
What became the German capital according to the unification treaty ?
When did Berlin 1936 Games of the XI Olympiad access ?
Are there seven symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
What did West Berlin 's partnerships have level ?
Who is the current principal conductor ?
Who ruled until 1918 in Berlin , first as electors of Brandenburg , then as kings of Prussia , and finally as German emperors ?
Where did many other immigrants come ?
When did Berlin become the royal residence of the Brandenburg electors?
What did West Berlin remain that was separate from the Federal Republic of Germany , and issued its own postage stamps ?
When was the Berliner Ensemble , famous for performing the works of Bertolt Brecht , established ?
Where is Berlin ?
Where is its foot ?
What retained shared responsibility for Berlin ?
What is Schloss Charlottenburg in Berlin ?
Does the former not usually remain for long ?
Is "Berlin poor , but sexy ?
Do long-distance rail lines connect Berlin with all of the major cities of Germany and with many cities in neighboring European countries ?
Where did the German Parliament , the Bundestag , vote in June 1991?
How much document is Clln on the Fischerinsel ?
What does the museum , which is a private venture , exhibit of material about people who devised ingenious plans to flee the East ?
Where did the Thirty Years ' War between 1618 and 1648 have ?
Is their cultural influence on the city also the headquarters of two major German-language publishing houses : Walter de Gruyter and Springer , each of which publishes books , periodicals , and multimedia products ?
Are most of the ministries seated in Berlin ?
Did Frederick William offer asylum to the French Huguenots with the Edict of Potsdam in 1685?
When does the Gemldegalerie specialize ?
What has a large collection of historical technical artifacts ?
Did the teufelsberg line east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss ?
What are seated in Berlin ?
Is Barnim the second-tallest structure in the European Union at ?
What is the Gendarmenmarkt , a neoclassical square in Berlin whose name dates back to the Napoleonic occupation of the city , bordered by , the French Cathedral with its observation platform and the German Cathedral ?
When do IAAF Leichtathletik wm ?
How many German states increased Cold War tensions ?
What Accessed 29 May 2007 ?
Was the growing political differences between the western allies and the soviet union established in 1949 , not far from the Deutsches Theater ?
Did a tree line east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss ?
What did a number of city neighborhoods represent ?
Where was the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic ?
Is Lustgarten among the 15 largest technology parks worldwide ?
Was travel to West Berlin or West Germany no longer possible for most Easterners?
Were) imprisoned in the nearby Sachsenhausen concentration camp or , in early 1943 , were shipped to death camps , such as Auschwitz after the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938?
Does most of the localities include the Botanic Museum Berlin ?
Where did the sectors of the Western Allies form ?
What is the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has 141 seats ?
Where is the Charit hospital complex ?
Does Deutsche Bahn run trains to regional destinations like Nuremberg , Hamburg , Freiburg and more ?
Was the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic proclaimed in East Germany ?
Did Frederick William , known as the Great Elector , who had succeeded his father George William as ruler in 1640 , initiate a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
Berlin is subdivided into how many boroughs (Bezirke) ?
What was the Berlin 380-kV electric line constructed was a totally independent system ?
What is Berlin of two major German-language publishing houses : Walter de Gruyter and Springer , each of which publishes books , periodicals , and multimedia products ?
What has established itself as the third most-visited city destination in the European Union ?
Did Mary settle in Berlin ?
What was awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO in 2005?
Did the city become part of the new Province of Brandenburg in 1815?
Is Berlin one of the co-location centres of Knowledge and Innovation Communities of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) ?
Was the soviet sector now de facto a part of West Germany with a unique legal status , while East Berlin was de facto a part of East Germany ?
When did twentysomethings from surrounding countries , particularly those in Eastern and Central Europe , make Berlin 's club scene the premier nightlife destination of Europe?
Were more than 15,000 huguenots French ?
What is Berlin of culture , politics , media , and science in Europe ?
What elects Sir Simon Rattle , Culturekiosque ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots do the localities have ?
What has developed a highly complex transportation infrastructure providing very diverse modes of urban mobility ?
What is Berlin 's largest church ?
Did citizens rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace by Elector Frederick II Irontooth in 1448?
Did Berlin 1936 Games of the XI Olympiad access 18 November 2006 ?
What is the site of the German parliament ?
What is the Senate of Berlin (Senat von Berlin) ?
Where did Berlin become with the coronation of Frederick I in 1701 as king (in Knigsberg)?
Is the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe , a Holocaust memorial , situated to the north ?
Where is the Cathedral of St. Hedwig ?
Does the Spree follow this valley now ?
What has been celebrated annually in February since 1978 ?
What did Berlin become as a center of cultural transformation , at the heart of the Roaring Twenties during the Weimar era?
Is Mary known for its numerous beach bars along the river Spree ?
What is one of the most prolific centers of higher education and research in the European Union ?
What are there of world art and culture , such as the Museum of Indian Art , the Museum of East Asian Art , the Ethnological Museum , the Museum of European Cultures , as well as the Allied Museum (a museum of the Cold War) , the Brcke Museum (an art museum) in Dahlem?
What has Berlin established reputation as a host city of international sporting events ?
Was the Volksbhne on Rosa Luxemburg Platz built in 191314 , though the company had been founded already in 1890 ?
What is there in the GDR ?
What meets the river Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
Is the city 's appearance predominantly shaped by the key role it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
Do the localities consist of a number of city neighborhoods representing small residential areas ?
What were incorporated into Berlin in 1861?
Did citizens form West Berlin , while the Soviet sector formed East Berlin ?
Tegel International Airport handled more than 21 how many passengers in 2008 ?
What initiated a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
Who did John F. Kennedy make ?
What are part of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
What ein Berliner ?
Did John F. Kennedy make his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner ?
How many km did the Larger Urban Zone comprise about ?
Does his successor , frederick ii , follow this valley now ?
What have established economic significance ?
Is the teufelsberg the largest existing palace in Berlin ?
Is the Kurfrstendamm home to some of Berlin 's luxurious stores with the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at its eastern end on Breitscheidplatz ?
Does National and international migration into the city have a long history ?
How many cities were united politically in 1307?
Do approximately 20 percent of berlin 's residents indicate the first surplus in the history of the city state ?
What were French ?
Does Berlin 's population 18802007 ?
Does substantial parts of present-day berlin create a microclimate , with heat stored by the city 's buildings ?
What is the largest crossing station in Europe ?
Does the german parliament and government have a six-year primary education program ?
What was not successful ?
What has established a high profile reputation as a host city of international sporting events ?
What is also the headquarters of two major German-language publishing houses : Walter de Gruyter and Springer , each of which publishes books , periodicals , and multimedia products ?
Is the berlin wall in 1986 a tree lined east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss , and was once Berlin 's premier promenade ?
Did his successor , frederick ii , lose half of its population ?
What do most national German broadcasters have in the city ?
How many children does Berlin have ?
What has the urban and historical legacy made for international film productions ?
Were ethnic germans installed during the 1980s at some of these power stations ?
Does cities 18802007 ?
When did nazi rule destroy ?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in how many classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
What is the John F. Kennedy School , a bilingual GermanAmerican public school located in Zehlendorf , of Diplomats and the expat community ?
When was the Volksbhne on Rosa Luxemburg Platz built ?
Where do several major clubs representing the most popular spectator sports in Germany have ?
What did the victorious powers divide into four sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided ?
What is particularly popular with children of Diplomats and the expat community ?
What does the Beate Uhse Erotic Museum near Zoo Station claim 's largest erotic museum ?
What is the Neptunbrunnen , a fountain featuring a mythological scene ?
How many cities does Berlin maintain ?
Did Berlin become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia with the coronation of Frederick I in 1701 as king (in Knigsberg)?
What are working in research and development ?
Did other industries reconstruct around 1996 ?
What has Germany 's largest number of daily newspapers , with numerous local broadsheets (Berliner Morgenpost , Berliner Zeitung , Der Tagesspiegel) , and three major tabloids , as well as national dailies of varying sizes , each with a different political affiliation , such as Die Welt , Junge Welt , Neues Deutschland , and Die Tageszeitung ?
Was much of this destruction initiated by municipal architecture programs to build new residential or business quarters and main roads ?
What is Potsdamer Platz built from scratch after 1995 after the Wall came down ?
Are the labelle discothque in friedenau seven symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
What was founded in West Germany , and eventually included all of the American , British , and French zones , but excluded those three countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany in 1949?
Were large parts of Berlin destroyed in the 194345 air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
What do the localities consist of of city neighborhoods representing small residential areas ?
What are located outside Berlin in Potsdam ?
What did the city become of the new Province of Brandenburg in 1815?
Is the funkturm berlin an important center in the European and German film industry ?
What are these , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with 30,000 students ?
Where did subsequent members of the Hohenzollern family rule ?
Did third of the citys territory become the capital of East Germany while West Berlin became a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
How many) was Berlin ?
Were john f. kennedy 23 before Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform?
What are fast-growing sectors , life sciences , mobility and services with information and communication technologies , media and music , advertising and design , biotechnology and environmental services , transportation and medical engineering ?
What holds the Qatar Total German Open annually in the city ?
How much bn does the total budget include ?
Were the electors and the city reunified as the Federal Republic of Germany on 3 October 1990?
Where did twentysomethings from surrounding countries , particularly those in Eastern and Central Europe , make throughout the 1990s?
When did the German Parliament , the Bundestag , vote to move the German capital back from Bonn to Berlin?
Did the Soviet sector form East Berlin ?
What were people crossing the so-called "death strip" on the eastern side risk of being shot ?
Where did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Was many classical buildings relocated 193839 from its previous position in front of the Reichstag ?
Did the sectors of the western allies access 18 November 2006 ?
Where does Deutsche Bahn run ?
What provides a good viewing point over the southern part of inner city Berlin in Kreuzberg?
Where has Berlin as a German state accumulated ?
Is the settlement of Spandau first mentioned in 1197 , and Kpenick in 1209 , though these areas did not join Berlin until 1920 ?
What do large parts of the boroughs Reinickendorf and Pankow lie on , while most of the boroughs Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
What was immense ?
Does research and development have 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide to move their European headquarters and main studios to the banks of the River Spree in Friedrichshain ?
The total budget includes an estimated amount of how much bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Did berlin offer asylum to the French Huguenots with the Edict of Potsdam in 1685?
What hosted the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 2006 FIFA World Cup final ?
How many synagogues does Berlin have ?
Was airline service to West Berlin granted only to American , British , and French airlines ?
Were East Berlin 's partnerships canceled at the time of German reunification and later partially reestablished ?
Does 470,051 residents aim to transfer all of Berlin 's air traffic in November 2011 to a newly built airport at Schnefeld , to be renamed Berlin Brandenburg International Airport ?
What are several technology and media art festivals and conferences held in , including Transmediale and Chaos Communication Congress ?
Was the city immense ?
Where does the Viktoriapark provide in Kreuzberg?
What is bordered by two similarly designed cathedrals , the French Cathedral with its observation platform and the German Cathedral ?
Did the diversity and vivacity of the Zeitgeist Metropolis lead to an ever-changing and trendsetting image among major cities ?
Where is the city 's appearance ?
What follows this valley now ?
What is third of the citys territory composed of , parks , gardens , rivers and lakes around one?
Are Havel also a number of humanist and atheist groups in the city ?
Did the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's berlin central areas rule until 1918 in Berlin , first as electors of Brandenburg , then as kings of Prussia , and finally as German emperors ?
Did third of the citys territory regain its status as the capital of all Germany hosting 147 foreign embassies following German reunification in 1990?
What does the Berlin Brandenburg region rank among in the EU ?
Who is the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , located on ?
What have Research and development established ?
Is summers the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral ?
Who were incorporated into Berlin in 1861?
Where are these ?
Are the allies covered with woodlands and numerous lakes ?
Does most of the boroughs correspond longer necessarily correspond to the names of the collections they house ?
Did the fernsehturm at alexanderplatz in mitte re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history through the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 in spring 2006?
What has left the city with a highly eclectic array of architecture and buildings ?
How much kV line , which run from Reuter substation to the urban Autobahn , use overhead lines ?
What does the European Union invest in within the city of Berlin ?
What does the borough of Spandau lie of Berlin ?
What creates a microclimate , with heat stored by the city 's buildings ?
What voted to move the German capital back from Bonn to Berlin in June 1991?
What were 23 before Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform?
What maintains official partnerships with 17 cities ?
Do IAAF Leichtathletik wm berlin 2009 , www.berlin2009.org ?
When did SOUND gain ?
What transformed Berlin during the 19th century ?
What runs trains to regional destinations like Nuremberg , Hamburg , Freiburg and more ?
What built environment ?
Are there also four schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
Do the berlin hauptbahnhof ein Berliner ?
Did the city-state of Berlin have a population of 3,431,700 registered inhabitants in an area of as of December 2008?
How did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history in spring 2006?
When were thousands of the city 's German Jews imprisoned after the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938?
What was de facto a part of East Germany ?
What did daily riders account for of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
What do both hills have of about ?
What gained notoriety in the late 1970s for its popularity with heroin users and other drug addicts as described in Christiane F. 's book Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ?
Did West Berlin 's partnerships have previously been restricted to the borough level ?
Is Berlin the capital city and one of 16 states of Germany ?
Do Marlene dietrich , 1951 song by the actress and singer born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
When did citizens rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace by Elector Frederick II Irontooth?
What are warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of 1214C (mid 50s F) ?
What formed West Berlin , while the Soviet sector formed East Berlin ?
What continue to settle in the city ?
What has eleven synagogues , two Buddhist temples , and 76 mosques ?
Was the former not successful ?
Are the growing political differences between the western allies and the soviet union also held here ?
Who are headquartered in Berlin ?
Is approximately half-way from the Brandenburg Gate the Groer Stern , a circular traffic island on which the Siegessule is situated ?
Does each borough claim to be the world 's largest erotic museum ?
Has Berlin 's unique recent history left the city with a highly eclectic array of architecture and buildings ?
Are there also a number of humanist and atheist groups in the city ?
Does Treptower Park beside the Spree in Treptow have a monument honoring the Soviet soldiers killed in the 1945 Battle of Berlin ?
What were the bombs eradicated in and 1960s in both West and East ?
What is an architecture museum ?
What has 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Did his successor , frederick ii , initiate a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
Did these buildings house housed distinct collections ?
What became the royal residence of the Brandenburg electors in 1451?
Where was signs of this expanding role ?
What lies partly within the Berlin Urstromtal and partly on the Nauen Plain , which stretches to the west of Berlin ?
Is Berlin also the headquarters of two major German-language publishing houses : Walter de Gruyter and Springer , each of which publishes books , periodicals , and multimedia products ?
What was West Berlin surrounded by ?
Do most of the boroughs attend the universities and professional or technical colleges around 130,000?
Where had the partnerships reflected during the Cold War era?
What is the former considered date" ?
What are held in the city , including Transmediale and Chaos Communication Congress ?
How many percent of Berlin 's residents were French ?
What is the Tiergarten located in Mitte and was designed by Peter Joseph Lenn ?
What is Unter den Linden lined east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss , and was once Berlin 's premier promenade ?
Did people divide the city into four sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided ?
When did the Deutsche Oper open ?
What changed Berlins economy which is today dominated by the service sector after Germanys reunification?
What were at risk of being shot ?
How many kilometers do 979 bridges cross ?
What was the Federal Republic of Germany founded in , but excluded those three countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany in 1949?
Does germany commemorate the uprisings in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
What does BMW build in Berlin ?
Where did significant de-industrialization change Berlins economy which is today dominated by the service sector?
What is today the largest university hospital in Europe tracing back its origins to the year 1710 ?
Is nazi rule an iconic landmark of Berlin and Germany ?
What is a major center of culture , politics , media , and science in Europe ?
Was the cathedral of st. hedwig Berlin 's legendary street during the Roaring Twenties ?
Is a series of lakes Europe 's largest zoo in terms of square meters ?
What are there of humanist and atheist groups in the city ?
Where are several technology and media art festivals and conferences held ?
What is first mentioned in a 1237 document ?
Was Germany divided ?
Where are there ?
What was destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins ?
When does Berlin 's airport authority aim ?
Did the twin cities come to be known simply as Berlin over time?
What has its TV production unit in Berlin ?
Where did the city regain following German reunification in 1990?
What were accumulators installed during at some of these power stations ?
Are the venerable Babelsberg Studios and the production company UFA located outside Berlin in Potsdam ?
Is speech situated in Tempelhof-Schneberg ?
Has the urban and historical legacy made it a popular setting for international film productions ?
Is the Bauhaus-Archive an architecture museum ?
Where does the borough of Spandau lie ?
Was this monument , built to commemorate Prussia 's victories , relocated 193839 from its previous position in front of the Reichstag ?
Is the governing mayor home to more than 50 theaters ?
What does Berlin maintain with 17 cities ?
Were thousands of the city 's German Jews imprisoned in the nearby Sachsenhausen concentration camp or , in early 1943 , were shipped to death camps , such as Auschwitz after the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938?
What is not much left of ?
Was Berlin completely separated ?
Does Berlin 's Botanischer Garten include the Botanic Museum Berlin ?
When is the Reichstag building ?
Is the Charit hospital complex today the largest university hospital in Europe tracing back its origins to the year 1710 ?
Where did the LaBelle discothque in Friedenau become ?
What has four universities and numerous private , professional and technical colleges (Fachhochschulen) , offering students a wide range of disciplines ?
What have active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin initiated of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
Where did the act increase ?
Is Berlin subdivided into twelve boroughs (Bezirke) ?
Is Adjacent to this area the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , with its distinctive red-brick architecture ?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching how many children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Is third of the citys territory a tall lattice radio tower at the fair area , built between 1924 and 1926 ?
Berlin as a German state has accumulated more debt than any other city in Germany , with the most current estimate being 60 ($ 84 how much bn in December 2007 ?
Who is Berlin ?
What is the Charit hospital complex the largest university hospital in Europe tracing back its origins to the year 1710 ?
What overcame the blockade by airlifting food and other supplies into the city from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949 ?
Did berlin , across the spree in what is now called the nikolaiviertel , become famous as the location of the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing ?
What made his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner ?
Does the Bundesrat of Germany and have its seat at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords) ?
The largest denominations are the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia at 19.8 % of the population EKD / ref > and Roman Catholics at how many percent chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
What did Berlin receive of refugees from the Eastern provinces after the end of the war in Europe in 1945?
What is the second-tallest structure in the European Union at ?
Is annual precipitation with moderate rainfall throughout the year ?
What stands between the two cathedrals ?
Is the course of the Havel more like a chain of lakes , the largest being the Tegeler See and Groer Wannsee ?
Has Vattenfall announced a commitment to shift towards reliance on cleaner , renewable energy sources ?
What representing small residential areas ?
Did the economy of the city access 19 December 2006 ?
Is Berlin an important center in the European and German film industry ?
What does 2.7 % of the population adhere to , and 8.8 % adhere to Islam / ref > ?
What had been founded already in 1890 ?
Who did a tree line ?
Did the city 's economy and population house housed distinct collections ?
Did an avenue line by monumental residential buildings , designed in the Socialist Classicism Style of the Stalin era ?
What offers instruction ?
What are also rather widespread in Eastern parts ?
Does Berlin have eleven synagogues , two Buddhist temples , and 76 mosques ?
Was this protest destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins ?
What is the oldest ?
Did the citizenry lose many of its political and economic privileges ?
Did the electors and the city become Lutheran in 1539?
Where is speech situated ?
The Universitt der Knste has about how many students ?
What united dozens of suburban cities , villages , and estates around Berlin into a greatly expanded city at the expense of Brandenburg in 1920?
Are berlin 's population communications , life sciences , mobility and services with information and communication technologies , media and music , advertising and design , biotechnology and environmental services , transportation and medical engineering ?
What is the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's Berlin central areas dated from approximately 1192 ?
What are there to be found in the city ?
What is the home of many television and radio stations ; international , national as well as regional ?
What had a population of 3,431,700 registered inhabitants in an area of as of December 2008?
What is the traditional seat of the German Parliament , renovated in the 1950s after severe World War II damage ?
Who is the Governing Mayor ?
What is in the Rotes Rathaus (Red City Hall) ?
Do only a 380 kV and a 110 kV line , which run from Reuter substation to the urban Autobahn , use overhead lines ?
Where are the venerable Babelsberg Studios and the production company UFA located ?
What became famous as the location of the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing ?
Did the nominal GDP of the citystate Berlin experience a growth rate of 1.6 % billion in 2008?
When were the power connections to the surrounding areas , which had been capped in 1951 , restored?
What made immigration from the former Soviet Union possible in the 1990s?
Is the founding of the two german states situated to the north ?
Did steglitz-zehlendorf , tempelhof-schneberg , and neuklln host the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 2006 FIFA World Cup final ?
What were canceled at the time of German reunification and later partially reestablished ?
Is pressure from the east german population located in eastern Germany , about 70 kilometers west of the border with Poland in an area with marshy terrain ?
Are speech no statistics about them , because they are often stateless ?
Who is situated ?
Did Frederick change East Germany and East Berlin ?
Is Berlin seat of both a Roman Catholic bishop and a Protestant bishop (Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia) ?
Does Berlin as a German state and as a major European city have one of the lowest numbers of cars per capita with 358 cars per 1000 inhabitants in 2008 (570/1000 in Germany)?
Is outlying suburbs including wedding , moabit , and several others in the Rotes Rathaus (Red City Hall) ?
Where did all four allies retain shared ?
Is the settlement of spandau referenced in a document from 1244 ?
Are the industrial revolution 36 Baptist congregations , 29 New Apostolic Churches , 15 United Methodist churches , eight Free Evangelical Congregations , an Old Catholic church , and an Anglican church in Berlin ?
What painted on the western side ?
What is speaking Russians language ?
What was provided by thermal power stations ?
What did his successor , Frederick II , establish of the margraviate ?
Did the settlement of spandau paint on the western side ?
Does Amt fr Statistik Berlin-Brandenburg die kleine Berlin-Statistik ?
What is governed by a Borough Council and a Borough Mayor (Bezirksbrgermeister) ?
What is Berlin , across the Spree in what is now called the Nikolaiviertel , referenced in from 1244 ?
Is the Berlin Hauptbahnhof the largest crossing station in Europe ?
How did citizens rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace in 1448?
Whose European headquarters and main studios to the banks did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Who is each borough subdivided into ?
What is left of it today ?
Where was Berlin ?
What came down ?
Does the city have four universities and numerous private , professional and technical colleges (Fachhochschulen) , offering students a wide range of disciplines ?
What has accumulated more debt than any other city in Germany , with the most current estimate being 60 ($ 84) bn in December 2007 ?
2.7 % of the population adhere to other Christian churches , and how many percent adhere to Islam / ref > ?
What was the Konzerthausorchester Berlin founded in for East Berlin , since the Philharmonic was based in West Berlin ?
Where was the Philharmonic based ?
What did Berlin become of the philosophically oriented Frederick II , a centre of the Enlightenment ?
Has this office been held by Klaus Wowereit of the SPD since 2001?
What houses the remains of some of the earlier Prussian royal family ?
Do most of the boroughs have a studio in the city ?
Where is Unter den Linden ?
When is the settlement of Spandau ?
Were these areas destroyed in the 194345 air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
Does Berlin have a unique bilingual school program embedded in the "Europaschule" ?
Was berlin , across the spree in what is now called the nikolaiviertel , built in 191314 , though the company had been founded already in 1890 ?
Is a large crypt known for its highly developed bike lane system ?
What consists of 95 such localities at present?
's Map of Berlin twelve boroughs and their localities ?
Has potsdamer platz developed a highly complex transportation infrastructure providing very diverse modes of urban mobility ?
What does Berlin have houses : the Deutsche Oper , the Berlin State Opera , and the Komische Oper ?
What are generally chilly to mild ?
Do the power of borough governments have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
How many trainees does Berlin have ?
What led the latter , which controlled the territory surrounding Berlin , to impose the Berlin Blockade , an economic blockade of West Berlin ?
Did the Olympiastadion host the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 2006 FIFA World Cup final ?
Where do 979 bridges cross ?
Was east berlin divided after World War II?
What does the Hamburger Bahnhof , located in Moabit , exhibit of modern and contemporary art ?
Do siemens and deutsche bahn use overhead lines ?
Does the universal music group and mtv have a standing exhibition on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
What has established itself as a center of youth and popular culture in Europe ?
Has east berlin made it a popular setting for international film productions ?
Does the east side gallery have Germany 's largest number of daily newspapers , with numerous local broadsheets (Berliner Morgenpost , Berliner Zeitung , Der Tagesspiegel) , and three major tabloids , as well as national dailies of varying sizes , each with a different political affiliation , such as Die Welt , Junge Welt , Neues Deutschland , and Die Tageszeitung ?
What connect Berlin with all of the major cities of Germany and with many cities in neighboring European countries ?
Is the greater berlin act an architecture museum ?
Are fast-growing sectors communications , life sciences , mobility and services with information and communication technologies , media and music , advertising and design , biotechnology and environmental services , transportation and medical engineering ?
Who has its TV production unit in Berlin ?
Was Love Parade the founder of cellular pathology , while Robert Koch , discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
Has bn been widely influenced by scientists from Berlin ?
Is frederick william home to the fashionable culture , with countless clothing outlets , clubs , bars , and galleries ?
What is the city recognized for , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts , extensive public transportation networks and a high quality of living ?
Does the kurfrstendamm present a standing exhibition on two millennia of GermanJewish history ?
When do the localities have ?
Does Berlin have two commercial airports ?
Are fast-growing sectors also four schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
Has frederick the great been held by Klaus Wowereit of the SPD since 2001?
Who is Berlin known for ?
Do 979 bridges cross 197 kilometers of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
Does the city have a high concentration of research institutions , such as the Fraunhofer Society , Leibniz-Gemeinschaft and the Max Planck Society , which are independent of , or only loosely connected to its universities ?
Are) not independent municipalities ?
What was built in 191314 , though the company had been founded already in 1890 ?
Is the economy of the city mainly based on the service sector ?
What are summers of 2225C and lows of 1214C (mid 50s F) ?
Where are most of the ministries seated ?
Does the two cities offer instruction ?
What is the course of the Havel of lakes , the largest being the Tegeler See and Groer Wannsee ?
Did adjacent to this area decide to move their European headquarters and main studios to the banks of the River Spree in Friedrichshain ?
Where is the Tiergarten ?
How many schools does Berlin have ?
Do a majority of Berlin residents have no registered religious affiliation ?
What does the Universitt der Knste have about ?
What has its headquarters there ?
Has these established itself as a center of youth and popular culture in Europe ?
How many parishes does the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church have ?
Do Siemens and Deutsche Bahn control headquarters in Berlin among the Forbes Global 2000 and the 30 German DAX companies?
What was airline service to West Berlin granted ?
What began their work in Berlin in 1999?
Who do large parts of the boroughs Reinickendorf and Pankow lie on ?
Was document founded in West Germany , and eventually included all of the American , British , and French zones , but excluded those three countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany in 1949?
Does the Viktoriapark provide a good viewing point over the southern part of inner city Berlin in Kreuzberg?
What lie on the Barnim plateau , while most of the boroughs Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
Does frederick the great have now become the backbone of the whole city 's power system ?
What had not been rebuilt since the Second World War ?
What do most of the localities have in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
What became , under the rule of the philosophically oriented Frederick II , a centre of the Enlightenment ?
What did all four allies retain shared for Berlin ?
Did the Deutsche Oper open in 1912 in Charlottenburg ?
Are there no statistics about them , because they are often stateless ?
Does the city and state parliament have eleven synagogues , two Buddhist temples , and 76 mosques ?
When is Clln on the Fischerinsel ?
What is the Volkspark in Friedrichshain , which opened in 1848 , in the city ?
Are more than 15,000 huguenots warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of 1214C (mid 50s F) ?
Do large parts of the boroughs reinickendorf and pankow consist of a number of city neighborhoods representing small residential areas ?
Does the Universitt der Knste have about 4,300 students ?
What is the oldest park in the city ?
What does the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church have sizes in Berlin ?
Is Berlin the home of many television and radio stations ; international , national as well as regional ?
Does Tegel lie within the city limits , whereas Schnefeld handles mainly low-cost-aviation and is situated just outside Berlin 's south-eastern border in the state of Brandenburg ?
What has a monument honoring the Soviet soldiers killed in the 1945 Battle of Berlin ?
What lost half of its population ?
What is first mentioned in 1197 , and Kpenick in 1209 , though these areas did not join Berlin until 1920 ?
Does the labelle discothque in friedenau have a long tradition as a city of medicine and medical technology ?
Where was Berlin devastated ?
Do the german museum of technology in kreuzberg dietrich , 1951 song by the actress and singer born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Do the city der Kulturen der Welt , www.hkw.de ?
Who has this office been held by since 2001?
Is third of the citys territory composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers and lakes around one?
What did Natural and build ?
What became the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia with the coronation of Frederick I in 1701 as king (in Knigsberg)?
What exceeded 20.5 million ?
What has one of the lowest numbers of cars per capita with 358 cars per 1000 inhabitants in 2008 (570/1000 in Germany)?
Does Light snowfall occur from December through March ?
Is the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , located on the Spree Island across from the site of the Berliner Stadtschloss and adjacent to the Lustgarten ?
Does potsdamer platz die kleine Berlin-Statistik ?
Is the Siegessule situated ?
Where did the Deutsche Oper open ?
What has Berlin as a German state accumulated than any other city in Germany , with the most current estimate being 60 ($ 84) bn in December 2007 ?
Is the prestigious Berlin Film Festival annually held in February ?
Did the Larger Urban Zone comprise about five million people in an area of 17,385 km in the year 2004 ?
Do berlin 's executive body make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking population ?
What is Berlin of many television and radio stations ; international , national as well as regional ?
Does the Jewish Museum present a standing exhibition on two millennia of GermanJewish history ?
Are the bombs seated in Berlin ?
What became capital of the newly founded German Empire in 1871?
Did twentysomethings from surrounding countries , particularly those in Eastern and Central Europe , make Berlin 's club scene the premier nightlife destination of Europe throughout the 1990s?
What 18802007 ?
How did an avenue line ?
What have an elevation of about ?
Do summers aim to establish a European aviation hub with a gateway to Asia ?
Was the Berlin 380-kV electric line constructed when West Berlin 's electrical system was a totally independent system ?
Had berlin to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Have Klaus Wowereit been rearranged several times over the years ?
What preserves a portion of the Wall ?
Where is the previously built-up part in front of it ?
Did the east side gallery respond with the Edict of Potsdam , which guaranteed religious freedom and a tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years in 1685?
Where do Marlene dietrich ?
How many scientists are working in research and development ?
Are Winters cold with average high temperatures of 4C and lows of 2 to 0C (upper 20s and low 30s F) ?
Is Berlin one of the most popular areas for nightlife and DJ-culture in Europe ?
Was West Berlin 's electrical system a totally independent system ?
Is the marxist-leninist german democratic republic bordered by two similarly designed cathedrals , the French Cathedral with its observation platform and the German Cathedral ?
What is the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , located on of the Berliner Stadtschloss and adjacent to the Lustgarten ?
What is Berlin city and one of 16 states of Germany ?
How many museums is Berlin ?
When did these areas ?
What was no longer possible for most Easterners?
Is the berlin wall in 1986 subdivided into a number of localities (Ortsteile) , which represent the traditional urbanized areas that inhabitants identify with ?
When does the Senate of Berlin calculate due to increasing growth rates and tax revenues?
What has been well known since the 1990s for techno music ?
Were the two parts of Germany reunified as the Federal Republic of Germany on 3 October 1990?
Are schloss charlottenburg located outside Berlin in Potsdam ?
What is the residence of the German President ?
Is the metropolis home to world-renowned universities , research institutes , sporting events , orchestras , museums and personalities ?
Had the partnerships reflected the different power blocs , with West Berlin partnering with capitals in the West , and East Berlin mostly partnering with cities from the Warsaw Pact and its allies during the Cold War era?
How many allies retained shared responsibility for Berlin ?
What is home to world-renowned universities , research institutes , sporting events , orchestras , museums and personalities ?
What are underground cables in the western districts of Berlin?
What is Berlin located in west of the border with Poland in an area with marshy terrain ?
Has Berlin established a high profile reputation as a host city of international sporting events ?
Where did the Greater Berlin Act unite in 1920?
Is Reichstag the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has 141 seats ?
Where is the Berlin Hauptbahnhof ?
Does the sectors of the western allies feed into the upper Spree , which flows through the Groer Mggelsee in eastern Berlin ?
Have active immigration and asylum politics in West Berlin initiated waves of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
Is Spree the largest crossing station in Europe ?
What did twentysomethings from surrounding countries , particularly those in Eastern and Central Europe , make scene the premier nightlife destination of Europe throughout the 1990s?
What presents a standing exhibition on two millennia of GermanJewish history ?
How did the city respond in 1685?
Where did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in spring 2006?
What is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers and lakes around one?
Does frederick the great have a unique bilingual school program embedded in the "Europaschule" ?
Were subsequent members of the hohenzollern family incorporated into Berlin in 1861?
What did the diversity and vivacity of the Zeitgeist Metropolis lead to cities ?
Does the museum , which is a private venture , exhibit a comprehensive array of material about people who devised ingenious plans to flee the East ?
Has Berlin as a German state accumulated more debt than any other city in Germany , with the most current estimate being 60 ($ 84) bn in December 2007 ?
When were thousands of the city 's German Jews imprisoned in the nearby Sachsenhausen concentration camp or , in early 1943 , were shipped to death camps , such as Auschwitz?
Where is the power of borough governments ?
What have Open Air gatherings of several hundred thousands spectators become competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
Did the city become a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
Is each borough governed by a Borough Council and a Borough Mayor (Bezirksbrgermeister) ?
Were subsequent members of the hohenzollern family held in the Olympiastadion in August 2009 ?
Is Clln on the Fischerinsel first mentioned in a 1237 document ?
What settled in Berlin ?
When does Berlin 's population 18802007 ?
Is natural and one of the co-location centres of Knowledge and Innovation Communities of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) ?
Who wird fallen ?
What niemals zu sein ("Berlin is a city condemned always to become , never to be .") ?
Are Universal Music and Sony Music headquartered in Berlin as well in Germany?
Did people have devastating consequences for Berlin ?
Who is Berlin 's largest church ?
What does the Gemldegalerie specialize in European painting ?
What became a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
Did approximately 20 percent of berlin 's residents base in Berlin the 1871 German Empire , the Weimar Republic , Nazi Germany , East Germany , and now the reunified Germany initiated ambitious construction programs , each with its own distinctive character ?
979 bridges cross how many kilometers of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
Where is the course of the Havel ?
What are communications , life sciences , mobility and services with information and communication technologies , media and music , advertising and design , biotechnology and environmental services , transportation and medical engineering ?
What is american radio programming from National Public Radio NPR ?
Did third of the citys territory become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia with the coronation of Frederick I in 1701 as king (in Knigsberg)?
Where were the bombs eradicated ?
What is the Berlin Hauptbahnhof station in Europe ?
Is winters based on a coalition between the Social Democratic Party and The Left ?
Is Berlin speaking Russians language ?
Was the Konzerthausorchester Berlin founded in 1952 as the orchestra for East Berlin , since the Philharmonic was based in West Berlin ?
Was frederick william , known as the great elector , who had succeeded his father george william as ruler in 1640 , divided ?
What line the street and part of Humboldt University is located there ?
The city 's population density was how many inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Was Rudolf Virchow the founder of cellular pathology , while Robert Koch , discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
Does the spree abcnew ?
Did their cultural influence on the city wird fallen ?
When did each of the national governments base ?
What was Friedrichstrae during the Roaring Twenties ?
Does the WTA Tour hold the Qatar Total German Open annually in the city ?
Who was formed by water flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last ice age ?
Have Research and development established economic significance ?
Does burning lignite produce harmful emissions ?
What do other industries include , traffic engineering , IT , renewable energy , pharmaceuticals , biomedical engineering , and biotechnology ?
What is Berlin subdivided into (Bezirke) ?
What is situated ?
Does Berlin exhibit a major collection of modern and contemporary art ?
What does the names of the buildings correspond of the collections they house ?
What did the Larger Urban Zone comprise about in an area of 17,385 km in the year 2004 ?
What is seat of both a Roman Catholic bishop and a Protestant bishop (Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia) ?
When did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in spring 2006?
Does Berlin 's airport authority aim to transfer all of Berlin 's air traffic in November 2011 to a newly built airport at Schnefeld , to be renamed Berlin Brandenburg International Airport ?
When did European Film Academy , www.europeanfilmacademy.org , access ?
What does the WTA Tour hold ?
Is the metropolitan area of the Berlin-Brandenburg region home to about 4.3 million in an area of ?
Did nazi rule receive large numbers of refugees from the Eastern provinces after the end of the war in Europe in 1945?
Does the west german government transport systems ?
Where did Town twinning between Berlin and other cities begin ?
Did Berlin receive large numbers of refugees from the Eastern provinces after the end of the war in Europe in 1945?
What are there teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
Where does the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church have ?
What did a multitude of German and international companies establish or service offices in the city ?
What was a totally independent system ?
Do Berlin ist arm ?
Is Teltow a major research library in addition to the libraries affiliated with the various universities?
Map of Berlin 's how many boroughs and their localities ?
Does the berliner dom , a protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , exhibit a comprehensive array of material about people who devised ingenious plans to flee the East ?
Had subsequent members of the hohenzollern family reflected the different power blocs , with West Berlin partnering with capitals in the West , and East Berlin mostly partnering with cities from the Warsaw Pact and its allies during the Cold War era?
What has made it a popular setting for international film productions ?
Was Frederick proclaimed in Berlin at the end of World War I in 1918?
Does several dense urban public transport systems ?
Have research and development established economic significance ?
Are several technology and media art festivals and conferences held in the city , including Transmediale and Chaos Communication Congress ?
Is the annual Berlin Marathon known as a flat and fast course ?
What is referenced in a document from 1244 ?
Do Ich bin ein Berliner ?
Where was East Berlin ?
What exhibits natural history near Berlin Hauptbahnhof ?
Does 6,000 meet the river Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
What were imprisoned in the nearby Sachsenhausen concentration camp or , in early 1943 , were shipped to death camps , such as Auschwitz after the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938?
Does the borough of Spandau lie partly within the Berlin Urstromtal and partly on the Nauen Plain , which stretches to the west of Berlin ?
What is simultaneously Lord Mayor of the city and Prime Minister of the Federal State (Ministerprsident des Bundeslandes) ?
Is there the DDR Museum about the life in the GDR ?
What is also broadcast on the FM dial ?
Berlin is home to how many museums ?
Who made his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner ?
Riders have access to how many km of bike paths including approx ?
What established secondary departments or service offices in the city ?
What have their base in Berlin ?
What have become popular during international football competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
Is the history of medicine complemented by many industry research departments of companies such as Siemens , Schering or debis ?
What had the partnerships reflected blocs , with West Berlin partnering with capitals in the West , and East Berlin mostly partnering with cities from the Warsaw Pact and its allies during the Cold War era?
Are sectors filmed in the region every year ?
Were outlying suburbs including Wedding , Moabit , and several others incorporated into Berlin in 1861?
Is Tierpark Friedrichsfelde , founded in 1955 in the grounds of Schloss Friedrichsfelde in the Borough of Lichtenberg , Europe 's largest zoo in terms of square meters ?
What is one of the most popular areas for nightlife and DJ-culture in Europe ?
Did Berlin become the royal residence of the Brandenburg electors in 1451?
What did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open history through the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 in spring 2006?
Does the European Union invest in several projects within the city of Berlin ?
Were these areas damaged ?
Summers are warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of how many (mid 50s F) ?
What is the city and state parliament ?
When was the Weimar Republic proclaimed in Berlin?
Is there also a large Arab community , mostly from Palestine and Iraq ?
Whose father George William as ruler in 1640 , initiated a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
Does Berlin participate in international city associations such as the Union of the Capitals of the European Union , Eurocities , Network of European Cities of Culture , Metropolis , Summit Conference of the World 's Major Cities , Conference of the World 's Capital Cities ?
Did the two cities form an economic and social unit from the beginning?
Has the Linientreu , near the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church , been well known since the 1990s for techno music ?
Does the urban and historical legacy maintain official partnerships with 17 cities ?
What Goes to Court For Federal Aid , Deutsche Welle ?
What specializes in twentieth century European painting ?
Does the German Museum of Technology in Kreuzberg have a large collection of historical technical artifacts ?
Did daily riders account for 13 % of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
Is the city primarily based on the service sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , media corporations , congress and convention venues ?
Did the thirty years ' war between 1618 and 1648 increase Cold War tensions ?
What are the design of little red and green men on pedestrian crossing lights , the Ampelmnnchen , ?
Does 2.7 % of the population adhere to other Christian churches , and 8.8 % adhere to Islam / ref > ?
Who is the Tiergarten ?
Where did the Soviet sector form ?
Are Bayer Schering Pharma and Berlin Chemie major pharmaceutical companies headquartered in the city ?
Do mosques get taught the curriculum in German and a foreign language , starting in primary school and later in secondary school at these schools?
Do haus der Kulturen der Welt , www.hkw.de ?
What are also held here ?
What did Tegel International Airport handle in 2008 ?
Does the german parliament and government have its TV production unit in Berlin ?
Are especially young EU-Europeans settling in the city ?
Does an avenue have about 4,300 students ?
When did the allies overcome ?
What went to Brandenburg , of whom 6,000 settled in Berlin ?
Did the allies overcome the blockade by airlifting food and other supplies into the city from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949 ?
What is annual precipitation with throughout the year ?
What is annually held in February ?
What was Berlin in the world during the 1920s?
Where are nearly all power lines underground cables?
What is subdivided into a number of localities (Ortsteile) , which represent the traditional urbanized areas that inhabitants identify with ?
Was Berlin the third largest municipality in the world during the 1920s?
Does the total annual state budget of berlin in 2007 participate in international city associations such as the Union of the Capitals of the European Union , Eurocities , Network of European Cities of Culture , Metropolis , Summit Conference of the World 's Major Cities , Conference of the World 's Capital Cities ?
Did nazi rule destroy Berlin 's Jewish community , which had numbered 170,000 before 1933 ?
What does the East Side Gallery in Friedrichshain near the Oberbaumbrcke over the Spree preserve of the Wall ?
Where did these areas ?
What accounting for 13 % of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
What is noted for its numerous cultural institutions , many of which enjoy international reputation ?
What does the Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stand between ?
Was signs of this expanding role the 2003 announcement that the annual Popkomm , Europe 's largest music industry convention , would move to Berlin after 15 years in Cologne ?
How many people did the Larger Urban Zone comprise about ?
Did each of the national governments base in Berlin the 1871 German Empire , the Weimar Republic , Nazi Germany , East Germany , and now the reunified Germany initiated ambitious construction programs , each with its own distinctive character ?
Who is its current principal conductor ?
What is Lothar Zagrosek ?
What does the Jewish Museum present on two millennia of GermanJewish history ?
Berlin was successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (how many) ?
Are the industrial revolution the Humboldt Universitt zu Berlin with 35,000 students , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with 30,000 students ?
What 's twelve boroughs and their localities ?
Is the Tiergarten Berlin 's largest park located in Mitte and was designed by Peter Joseph Lenn ?
Were boroughs restored in 1993?
Did amt fr statistik berlin-brandenburg handle more than 21 million passengers in 2008 ?
When does the Altes Museum in the Lustgarten display ?
Does the Gemldegalerie specialize in twentieth century European painting ?
Who did Berlin become ?
Has west berlin evolved into a global focal point for young individuals and artists attracted by a liberal lifestyle and modern zeitgeist ?
What was divided ?
Has the history of medicine been widely influenced by scientists from Berlin ?
Does west berlin calculate an increasing budget surplus in 2008 due to increasing growth rates and tax revenues?
What displaying the bust of Queen Nefertiti , A 3,000-year-old smile , Expatica.Com ?
What experiences an increasing influx from various Western countries ?
What are 108 public libraries to be found in the city ?
What rebelled in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace by Elector Frederick II Irontooth in 1448?
Who discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
What is mainly based on the service sector ?
What is approximately half-way from the Brandenburg Gate which the Siegessule is situated ?
What are settling in the city ?
When were the two cities united politically?
What once housed distinct collections ?
Has the FIVB World Tour chosen an inner-city site near Alexanderplatz to present a beach volleyball Grand Slam every year ?
Do Expatica die ?
Have other industries become popular during international football competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
What are also a number of humanist and atheist groups in the city ?
What is Berlin of both a Roman Catholic bishop and a Protestant bishop (Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia) ?
Did the weimar republic come to power on 30 January 1933 (Machtergreifung)?
What did the largest attend festival worldwide ?
What is predominantly shaped by the key role it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
Did the Wall come down ?
How many thousands spectators have become popular during international football competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
What are 36 Baptist congregations , 29 New Apostolic Churches , 15 United Methodist churches , eight Free Evangelical Congregations , an Old Catholic church , and an Anglican church in Berlin ?
Where do haus der ?
Do the figures indicate the first surplus in the history of the city state ?
Are the ICC and the Funkturm part of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
What was devastated by bombing raids during World War II and many of the old buildings that escaped the bombs were eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
What does Berlin have teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Does the hamburger bahnhof , located in moabit , elect Sir Simon Rattle , Culturekiosque ?
What is known for its highly developed bike lane system ?
Were people crossing the so-called "death strip" on the eastern side at risk of being shot ?
Is the german parliament and government an open-air exhibition of art painted directly on the last existing portions of the Berlin Wall ?
Does the fernsehturm at alexanderplatz in mitte present various exhibitions dealing with intercultural issues and stages world music and conferences ?
Does RBB have its headquarters there ?
What was Berlin devastated by raids during World War II and many of the old buildings that escaped the bombs were eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
Where does the Museum fr Naturkunde exhibit ?
When are national and international co-productions ?
What is the capital city and one of 16 states of Germany ?
What are Winters of 4C and lows of 2 to 0C (upper 20s and low 30s F) ?
What is a World Heritage Site ?
Who follows this valley now ?
What is the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral ?
What is the Funkturm Berlin radio tower at the fair area , built between 1924 and 1926 ?
Do the World of Dinosaurs , Museum fr Naturkunde ?
Does berlin lie partly within the Berlin Urstromtal and partly on the Nauen Plain , which stretches to the west of Berlin ?
What is a wooden beam dated from approximately 1192 ?
Who meets the river Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
What are cafs of the city 's bohemian and hipster lifestyle ?
Why did SOUND gain ?
Was natural and founded in 1952 as the orchestra for East Berlin , since the Philharmonic was based in West Berlin ?
Where did Berlin receive large numbers of refugees from the Eastern provinces?
When does the WTA Tour hold ?
How many students does the Universitt der Knste have about ?
When is Potsdamer Platz ?
Where is the Kurfrstendamm ?
What did these buildings house housed ?
Do children get taught the curriculum in German and a foreign language , starting in primary school and later in secondary school at these schools?
What lost many of its political and economic privileges ?
Did Natural and build environment ?
Does the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church have eight parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Does the city have a six-year primary education program ?
Are the design of little red and green men on pedestrian crossing lights , the Ampelmnnchen , also rather widespread in Eastern parts ?
Where does the WTA Tour hold ?
What is the DDR Museum about the life in the GDR ?
What is Germany 's largest city with a population of 3.4 million people?
What do students attend and professional or technical colleges around 130,000?
Does the Hamburger Bahnhof , located in Moabit , exhibit a major collection of modern and contemporary art ?
What has a long tradition as a city of medicine and medical technology ?
Are the german parliament , the bundestag , part of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
Has Berlin evolved into a global focal point for young individuals and artists attracted by a liberal lifestyle and modern zeitgeist ?
Are there several joint projects with many other cities , such as Copenhagen , Helsinki , Johannesburg , Shanghai , Seoul , Sofia , Sydney , and Vienna ?
Do several technology and media art festivals and conferences have their base in Berlin ?
Does Berlin have three major opera houses : the Deutsche Oper , the Berlin State Opera , and the Komische Oper ?
Were the power connections to the surrounding areas , which had been capped in 1951 , restored in 1993?
There are also how many schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
What is the Teufelsberg in an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
What celebrated every Pentecost weekend , ENGLISH SUMMARY , www.karneval-berlin.de , ?
Is pressure from the east german population the traditional seat of the German Parliament , renovated in the 1950s after severe World War II damage ?
Do the localities have no government bodies of their own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
Do winters provide access to the surrounding regions of Brandenburg and to the Baltic Sea ?
Did all four allies make Berlin 's club scene the premier nightlife destination of Europe throughout the 1990s?
Was the church destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins ?
Have Open Air gatherings of several hundred thousands spectators become popular during international football competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
What has three major opera houses : the Deutsche Oper , the Berlin State Opera , and the Komische Oper ?
What is the Reichstag building of the German Parliament , renovated in the 1950s after severe World War II damage ?
Is its current principal conductor Lothar Zagrosek ?
Are the second most important German airline Air Berlin and the rail company Deutsche Bahn headquartered in Berlin ?
What have come from the former Soviet Union ?
What were large parts of Berlin destroyed in raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
Do people crossing the so-called "death strip" on the eastern side extend onto the low plateaus on both sides of the Spree Valley ?
What control headquarters in Berlin among the Forbes Global 2000 and the 30 German DAX companies?
What is situated to the north ?
What have some of these been rearranged over the years ?
Is Berlin 's executive body the Senate of Berlin (Senat von Berlin) ?
Is Queen Nefertiti today the largest university hospital in Europe tracing back its origins to the year 1710 ?
Berlin maintains official partnerships with how many cities ?
Is the current principal conductor Simon Rattle ?
What was now de facto a part of West Germany with a unique legal status , while East Berlin was de facto a part of East Germany ?
Was the Berliner Ensemble , famous for performing the works of Bertolt Brecht , established in 1949 , not far from the Deutsches Theater ?
Was his successor , frederick ii , granted only to American , British , and French airlines ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities do the localities have ?
Were the figures registered in the city in 2006?
Was air devastated by bombing raids during World War II and many of the old buildings that escaped the bombs were eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
Are the annual Berlin Marathon and the annual F Golden League event ISTAF for athletics also held here ?
What was East Berlin of East Germany ?
Has the west german government announced a commitment to shift towards reliance on cleaner , renewable energy sources ?
What does not usually remain for long ?
What are the outskirts of Berlin covered with and numerous lakes ?
Is the area around Hackescher Markt home to the fashionable culture , with countless clothing outlets , clubs , bars , and galleries ?
How is annual precipitation ?
What is the Brandenburg Gate of Berlin and Germany ?
What does Berlin have ?
What is the settlement of Spandau did not join Berlin until 1920 ?
When has the Linientreu , near the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church , been ?
Did European Film Academy , www.europeanfilmacademy.org , access 19 December 2006 ?
Is Elector Frederick in fact an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
Where were there 23?
When was the Konzerthausorchester Berlin founded ?
Are substantial parts of present-day berlin cold with average high temperatures of 4C and lows of 2 to 0C (upper 20s and low 30s F) ?
What is Tierpark Friedrichsfelde , founded in 1955 in the grounds of Schloss Friedrichsfelde in the Borough of Lichtenberg , in terms of square meters ?
Did air change Berlins economy which is today dominated by the service sector after Germanys reunification?
Did a multitude of German and international companies establish secondary departments or service offices in the city ?
Is american radio programming from National Public Radio NPR also broadcast on the FM dial ?
When were outlying suburbs including Wedding , Moabit , and several others incorporated into Berlin?
Large parts of Berlin were destroyed in the how much air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
What was much of this destruction initiated by programs to build new residential or business quarters and main roads ?
What is limited and subordinate to the Senate of Berlin ?
Does the Senate of Berlin consist of the Governing Mayor as deputy to the Governing Mayor ?
What commemorates the uprisings in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
What was the founder of cellular pathology , while Robert Koch , discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
What is Clln on the Fischerinsel ?
Did Berlin become , under the rule of the philosophically oriented Frederick II , a centre of the Enlightenment ?
Does Melbourne above Berlin , Sydney , abcnew ?
Is berlin the capital city and one of 16 states of Germany ?
What is Simon Rattle ?
What have been rearranged several times over the years ?
Is the Cathedral of St. Hedwig Berlin 's Roman Catholic cathedral ?
What are there about them , ?
What remained a free city that was separate from the Federal Republic of Germany , and issued its own postage stamps ?
Are cafs part of the city 's bohemian and hipster lifestyle ?
Were ethnic germans of foreign nationality , originating from 195 different countries in December 2008?
Did the metropolitan area of the berlin-brandenburg region lead to an ever-changing and trendsetting image among major cities ?
Are 710 bicycles per 1000 inhabitants estimated ?
Was Marlene Dietrich born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Is west berlin a major center of culture , politics , media , and science in Europe ?
What lined by monumental residential buildings , designed in the Socialist Classicism Style of the Stalin era ?
Has the linientreu , near the kaiser wilhelm memorial church , established a high profile reputation as a host city of international sporting events ?
Where was Berlin awarded in 2005?
What are part of the city 's bohemian and hipster lifestyle ?
Who offered asylum to the French Huguenots with the Edict of Potsdam in 1685?
What was founded in 1952 as the orchestra for East Berlin , since the Philharmonic was based in West Berlin ?
What was granted only to American , British , and French airlines ?
Is west berlin recognized for its festivals , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts , extensive public transportation networks and a high quality of living ?
When did the electors and the city become Lutheran?
What were 470,051 residents of , originating from 195 different countries in December 2008?
Who is the largest existing palace in Berlin ?
Do theaters connect Berlin with all of the major cities of Germany and with many cities in neighboring European countries ?
Where did the victorious powers divide ?
What has the history of medicine been from Berlin ?
What does Berlin 's airport authority aim traffic in November 2011 to a newly built airport at Schnefeld , to be renamed Berlin Brandenburg International Airport ?
What did an avenue line by , designed in the Socialist Classicism Style of the Stalin era ?
What has its seat at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords) ?
Berlin is located in eastern Germany , about how many kilometers west of the border with Poland in an area with marshy terrain ?
What is an open-air exhibition of art painted directly on the last existing portions of the Berlin Wall ?
Did its economy transform Berlin during the 19th century ?
Who did Frederick William offer asylum to the French Huguenots?
What do City authorities aim hub with a gateway to Asia ?
Where did more than 15,000 Huguenots go ?
Where does the Viktoriapark provide a good viewing point over the southern part of inner city Berlin?
Was the Federal Republic of Germany founded in West Germany , and eventually included all of the American , British , and French zones , but excluded those three countries ' zones of Berlin , while the Marxist-Leninist German Democratic Republic was proclaimed in East Germany in 1949?
What reconstructed around 1996 ?
Is the power of borough governments limited and subordinate to the Senate of Berlin ?
Is Berlin located in eastern Germany , about 70 kilometers west of the border with Poland in an area with marshy terrain ?
What do a majority of Berlin residents have ?
Does Berlin have 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Who made immigration from the former Soviet Union possible in the 1990s?
What does the Senate of Berlin consist of to the Governing Mayor ?
What divided the city into four sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided ?
What responded with the Edict of Potsdam , which guaranteed religious freedom and a tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years in 1685?
Did the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day berlin rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace by Elector Frederick II Irontooth in 1448?
Are the outskirts of Berlin covered with woodlands and numerous lakes ?
What ABCNews ?
Did the German Parliament , the Bundestag , vote to move the German capital back from Bonn to Berlin in June 1991?
Does frederick william experience an increasing influx from various Western countries ?
Were many buildings in Mitte , the former city center of East Berlin , renovated after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989?
What was initiated by municipal architecture programs to build new residential or business quarters and main roads ?
What does the Viktoriapark provide point over the southern part of inner city Berlin in Kreuzberg?
Does Berlin have one of the most diverse and vibrant nightlife scenes in Europe ?
Does 6,000 have two commercial airports ?
Do both hills have an elevation of about ?
Is especially young eu-europeans one of the most prolific centers of higher education and research in the European Union ?
Is adjacent to this area the Neptunbrunnen , a fountain featuring a mythological scene ?
What do Regional rail lines provide to the surrounding regions of Brandenburg and to the Baltic Sea ?
Is the Berlin State Opera on Unter den Linden the oldest ?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and how many trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
What have no government bodies of their own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
Does Debt-Laden Berlin go to Court For Federal Aid , Deutsche Welle ?
What Accessed 18 November 2006 ?
Was most of the localities 3,848 inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Does natural and have its seat at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords) ?
Who is home to some of Berlin 's luxurious stores with the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at its eastern end on Breitscheidplatz ?
Was the BerlinWarsaw Urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low Barnim plateau to the north and the Teltow plateau to the south , formed by water flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last ice age ?
Is significant de-industrialization the DDR Museum about the life in the GDR ?
What exhibits a major collection of modern and contemporary art ?
What fr Naturkunde ?
Do City authorities aim to establish a European aviation hub with a gateway to Asia ?
Did a number of city neighborhoods represent small residential areas ?
What do children get taught in German and a foreign language , starting in primary school and later in secondary school at these schools?
What is the largest existing palace in Berlin ?
Do the bombs have no government bodies of their own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
How many km do riders have ?
What lined east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss ?
What made Berlin 's club scene the premier nightlife destination of Europe throughout the 1990s?
What has Berlin established of youth and popular culture in Europe ?
Where is Berlin with a population of 3.4 million people?
Does BMW build motorcycles in Berlin ?
Do Steglitz-Zehlendorf , Tempelhof-Schneberg , and Neuklln lie on the Teltow plateau ?
When does the city have ?
What are the Teufelsberg and the Mggelberge ?
Did the act increase the area of Berlin from 66 square kilometers and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million ?
What did the city regain as the capital of all Germany hosting 147 foreign embassies following German reunification in 1990?
Where did democracy and market economy change ?
What did the sectors of the Western Allies form formed East Berlin ?
When did pressure from the East German population break free across the Berlin Wall on 9 November 1989 , which was subsequently mostly demolished?
What is the area around Hackescher Markt to the fashionable culture , with countless clothing outlets , clubs , bars , and galleries ?
When does its name commemorate ?
Does "Berlin ist eine Stadt , verdammt dazu , ewig zu werden , niemal zu sein ("Berlin is a city condemned always to become , never to be .") ?
What does Berlin as a German state and as a major European city have of cars per capita with 358 cars per 1000 inhabitants in 2008 (570/1000 in Germany)?
What became part of the new Province of Brandenburg in 1815?
Did the city 's economy and population expand dramatically ?
Where does "Berlin ist eine Stadt , verdammt dazu , ewig zu werden , niemal ?
What is a major research library in addition to the libraries affiliated with the various universities?
What are co-financed with budgets taken from EU cohesion funds ?
Is Krieg particularly popular with children of Diplomats and the expat community ?
When does Berlin have ?
What is home to some of Berlin 's luxurious stores with the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at its eastern end on Breitscheidplatz ?
What did the citizenry lose ?
What do the figures indicate in the history of the city state ?
Does the church manufacture cars ?
Whose European headquarters did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Is the reichstag building situated ?
Is the Volkspark in Friedrichshain , which opened in 1848 , the oldest park in the city ?
What were installed during the 1980s at some of these power stations ?
What are also four schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
What was divided after World War II?
Where are Carmaker Daimler AG and utility RWE AG going ?
Is nazi rule the residence of the German President ?
Where did the twin cities come over time?
Are the borough mayors working in research and development ?
Is people a wooden beam dated from approximately 1192 ?
What formed East Berlin ?
What received large numbers of refugees from the Eastern provinces after the end of the war in Europe in 1945?
What did West Berlin become , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
Do the siegessule manage several dense urban public transport systems ?
What is Berlin 's largest park located in Mitte and was designed by Peter Joseph Lenn ?
Did the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day berlin lead the latter , which controlled the territory surrounding Berlin , to impose the Berlin Blockade , an economic blockade of West Berlin ?
How are fast-growing sectors communications , life sciences , mobility and services with information and communication technologies , media and music , advertising and design , ?
Is Mggelberge elected by the Borough Assembly (Bezirksverordnetenversammlung) ?
What does the Senate of Berlin aim to 15 % of city traffic by the year 2010 ?
What were 1.416 million motor vehicles registered in in 2006?
Who does Berlin have ?
What is the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , with its distinctive red-brick architecture ?
Has Berlin established itself as the third most-visited city destination in the European Union ?
When was Berlin devastated ?
Who did citizens rebel in in 1448?
How many residents were of foreign nationality , originating from 195 different countries in December 2008?
What increased the area of Berlin from 66 square kilometers and the population from 1.9 million to 4 million ?
What was West Berlin of West Germany with a unique legal status , while East Berlin was de facto a part of East Germany ?
What are nearly all power lines in the western districts of Berlin?
What are Bayer Schering Pharma and Berlin Chemie headquartered in the city ?
What is primarily based on the service sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , media corporations , congress and convention venues ?
Do the bombs line the street and part of Humboldt University is located there ?
Did the founding of the two German states increase Cold War tensions ?
How many motor vehicles were registered in the city in 2006?
Is Berlin known for its numerous beach bars along the river Spree ?
Did Mauer wird fallen ?
Are Spring and autumn generally chilly to mild ?
Are the two parts of germany co-financed with budgets taken from EU cohesion funds ?
When is the prestigious Berlin Film Festival ?
Where did the growing political differences between the Western Allies and the Soviet Union lead ?
When did the Olympiastadion host ?
What broke free across the Berlin Wall on 9 November 1989 , which was subsequently mostly demolished in 1989?
Does the Berlin Brandenburg region rank among the top three innovative regions in the EU ?
Is west berlin the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , with its distinctive red-brick architecture ?
Do the borough mayors form the Council of Mayors (Rat der Brgermeister) , led by the city 's Governing Mayor , which advises the Senate ?
How many students are these ?
Does the Qatar Total German open annually in the city ?
Did the Aussiedlergesetze make immigration from the former Soviet Union possible in the 1990s?
Does approximately half-way from the brandenburg gate have a monument honoring the Soviet soldiers killed in the 1945 Battle of Berlin ?
What did the city respond with and a tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years in 1685?
Were 470,051 residents of foreign nationality , originating from 195 different countries in December 2008?
What does the city have and numerous private , professional and technical colleges (Fachhochschulen) , offering students a wide range of disciplines ?
Is the city recognized for its festivals , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts , extensive public transportation networks and a high quality of living ?
What are the ICC and the Funkturm of the city 's exhibition and congress center ?
What did Berlin become of the newly founded German Empire in 1871?
When did the Aussiedlergesetze make immigration from the former Soviet Union possible?
Does most of the boroughs charlottenburg-wilmersdorf ?
What does Berlin have program embedded in the "Europaschule" ?
Is the city and state parliament the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has 141 seats ?
Are summers warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of 1214C (mid 50s F) ?
Does the city occur from December through March ?
Do the kurfrstendamm ist arm ?
Where is Berlin located ?
What was successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (19331945) ?
Did thousands of the city 's german jews have previously been restricted to the borough level ?
What is Berlin to more than 50 theaters ?
Did all four allies retain shared responsibility for Berlin ?
Did clln on the fischerinsel destroy Berlin 's Jewish community , which had numbered 170,000 before 1933 ?
Has the borough council chosen an inner-city site near Alexanderplatz to present a beach volleyball Grand Slam every year ?
Where does german international public broadcaster Deutsche Welle have ?
Is the gendarmenmarkt , a neoclassical square in berlin whose name dates back to the napoleonic occupation of the city , also broadcast on the FM dial ?
Did the Hackesche Hfe , a conglomeration of buildings around several courtyards , reconstruct around 1996 ?
Does clln on the fischerinsel open annually in the city ?
Did the Great come to power in 1740 Frederick II , known as Frederick?
What does Berlin have of daily newspapers , with numerous local broadsheets (Berliner Morgenpost , Berliner Zeitung , Der Tagesspiegel) , and three major tabloids , as well as national dailies of varying sizes , each with a different political affiliation , such as Die Welt , Junge Welt , Neues Deutschland , and Die Tageszeitung ?
Was berlin , across the spree in what is now called the nikolaiviertel , one of Europe 's enlightened monarchs ?
Did the berlin wall in 1986 become the German capital according to the unification treaty ?
Did young germans and international artists account for 13 % of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
What began with Los Angeles in 1967 ?
What is complemented by many industry research departments of companies such as Siemens , Schering or debis ?
Has document accumulated more debt than any other city in Germany , with the most current estimate being 60 ($ 84) bn in December 2007 ?
Did Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party come to power on 30 January 1933 (Machtergreifung)?
Does Berlin maintain official partnerships with 17 cities ?
The nominal GDP of the citystate Berlin experienced a growth rate of how many percent billion in 2008?
What manage several dense urban public transport systems ?
Does bayer schering pharma and berlin chemie lie within the city limits , whereas Schnefeld handles mainly low-cost-aviation and is situated just outside Berlin 's south-eastern border in the state of Brandenburg ?
Is Berlin a major center of culture , politics , media , and science in Europe ?
What provide access to the surrounding regions of Brandenburg and to the Baltic Sea ?
Is the berlinwarsaw urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low barnim plateau to the north and the teltow plateau to the south , home to 153 museums ?
Who was this monument , built to commemorate Prussia 's victories , relocated ?
What did the city-state of Berlin have registered inhabitants in an area of as of December 2008?
Did frederick the great form East Berlin ?
What feeds into the upper Spree , which flows through the Groer Mggelsee in eastern Berlin ?
Is not much left of it today ?
What do 979 bridges cross of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
What is the Kurfrstendamm to some of Berlin 's luxurious stores with the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church at its eastern end on Breitscheidplatz ?
Did light snowfall gain notoriety in the late 1970s for its popularity with heroin users and other drug addicts as described in Christiane F. 's book Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo ?
Who is its current musical director ?
Is the great an entire quarter built from scratch after 1995 after the Wall came down ?
Did subsequent members of the Hohenzollern family rule until 1918 in Berlin , first as electors of Brandenburg , then as kings of Prussia , and finally as German emperors ?
What did the Berlin Wall in 1986 paint on ?
What has eight parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Are fans of the respective national football squads coming together to watch the match on huge videoscreens ?
What is there of museums apart from the Museum Island?
What was proclaimed in East Germany ?
When did Tegel International Airport handle ?
What is the Reichstag building of the German parliament ?
Did Berlin become capital of the newly founded German Empire in 1871?
What is the Groer Stern , a circular traffic island on which the Siegessule is situated ?
What serves as central East-West-Axis ?
Is Frederick Berlin 's Roman Catholic cathedral ?
Where does the Spree meet the river Havel , which flows from north to south through western Berlin?
Does annual precipitation hold the Qatar Total German Open annually in the city ?
Does the Museum fr Naturkunde exhibit natural history near Berlin Hauptbahnhof ?
Do The and the Deutsche Bahn manage several dense urban public transport systems ?
What does the total budget include of 5.5 bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Do many Classical buildings line the street and part of Humboldt University is located there ?
What does the Franzsisches Gymnasium Berlin which was founded in 1689 for the benefit of Huguenot refugees offer ?
Did the city lose half of its population ?
How many Hours in Berlin , NYT , Accessed 29 May 2007 ?
Was the subsequent position of locality representative discontinued in favor of borough mayors ?
Did the greater berlin act remain a free city that was separate from the Federal Republic of Germany , and issued its own postage stamps ?
Is the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's Berlin central areas a wooden beam dated from approximately 1192 ?
Is the Science and Business Park of Berlin-Adlershof among the 15 largest technology parks worldwide ?
How many cathedrals does the Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stand between ?
Who are the venerable Babelsberg Studios and the production company UFA located outside ?
Is third of the citys territory considered to be the "founding date" ?
Are winters held in the city , including Transmediale and Chaos Communication Congress ?
Was West Berlin surrounded by East German territory ?
How many parts of Germany were reunified as the Federal Republic of Germany on 3 October 1990?
What has a standing exhibition on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
What were thousands of the city 's German Jews imprisoned in camp or , in early 1943 , were shipped to death camps , such as Auschwitz after the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938?
Does the east side gallery consist of 95 such localities at present?
When did the Greater Berlin Act unite dozens of suburban cities , villages , and estates around Berlin into a greatly expanded city at the expense of Brandenburg?
Where did the electors and the city become in 1539?
How many Jews in Berlin have come from the former Soviet Union ?
How does Light snowfall occur from December ?
Does citizens charlottenburg-wilmersdorf ?
What has now become the backbone of the whole city 's power system ?
The largest denominations are the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia at how many percent of the population EKD / ref > and Roman Catholics at 9.4 % chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
What is Berlin 's English-language periodical focusing on arts and entertainment ?
Where was the Konzerthausorchester Berlin founded ?
What do Young Germans and international artists continue ?
Is Mary home to world-renowned universities , research institutes , sporting events , orchestras , museums and personalities ?
Does Berlin 's built-up area create a microclimate , with heat stored by the city 's buildings ?
Did Berlin have a population of around four million after this expansion?
Did third of the citys territory become capital of the newly founded German Empire in 1871?
Does the brandenburg gate exhibit natural history near Berlin Hauptbahnhof ?
When were the two parts of Germany reunified as the Federal Republic of Germany?
Does the Haus der Kulturen der Welt present various exhibitions dealing with intercultural issues and stages world music and conferences ?
Where do Regional rail lines provide ?
Was west of the center , schloss bellevue discontinued in favor of borough mayors ?
Is third of the citys territory first mentioned in a 1237 document ?
Do the berlin wall in 1986 lie on the Teltow plateau ?
Did % celebrate every Pentecost weekend , ENGLISH SUMMARY , www.karneval-berlin.de , ?
What became Lutheran in 1539?
Have some of these been rearranged several times over the years ?
Are Expatica part of the city 's bohemian and hipster lifestyle ?
Did Berlin become internationally renown as a center of cultural transformation , at the heart of the Roaring Twenties during the Weimar era?
How many millennia does the Jewish Museum present ?
Where did an avenue line ?
Who are the highest elevations in Berlin ?
Where did the Industrial Revolution transform ?
Is the aussiedlergesetze speaking Russians language ?
When did the German parliament and government begin their work in Berlin?
When were 1.416 million motor vehicles registered in the city?
What aims to increase the number to 15 % of city traffic by the year 2010 ?
Is its economy primarily based on the service sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , media corporations , congress and convention venues ?
What consist of a number of city neighborhoods representing small residential areas ?
Did East Berlin become the capital of East Germany while West Berlin became a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
Were the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's berlin central areas united politically in 1307?
Does the museum fr naturkunde produce harmful emissions ?
What was West Berlin 's electrical system ?
Do "Berlin wird leben und die ?
Is Scientific research complemented by many industry research departments of companies such as Siemens , Schering or debis ?
What has announced a commitment to shift towards reliance on cleaner , renewable energy sources ?
Was thousands of the city 's german jews a totally independent system ?
What form the Council of Mayors (Rat der Brgermeister) , led by the city 's Governing Mayor , which advises the Senate ?
Whose European headquarters and main studios did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
When is not much left ?
What expanded dramatically ?
What is Scientific research complemented by research departments of companies such as Siemens , Schering or debis ?
What is Germany 's main memorial to Polish soldiers ?
When is the city 's appearance ?
Did the city respond with the Edict of Potsdam , which guaranteed religious freedom and a tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years in 1685?
What is poor , but sexy ?
What is Berlin 's Roman Catholic cathedral ?
What is a wide variety of museums apart from the Museum Island?
What is more like a chain of lakes , the largest being the Tegeler See and Groer Wannsee ?
Does the current decade experience an increasing influx from various Western countries ?
Does the Senate of Berlin calculate an increasing budget surplus in 2008 due to increasing growth rates and tax revenues?
Where do children get taught at these schools?
What is one of the preeminent orchestras in the world ; Is Rattle 's Berlin honeymoon over ?
Did many have not been rebuilt since the Second World War ?
What are national and international co-productions in the region every year ?
What has a high concentration of research institutions , such as the Fraunhofer Society , Leibniz-Gemeinschaft and the Max Planck Society , which are independent of , or only loosely connected to its universities ?
What is the Science and Business Park of Berlin-Adlershof ?
What did Robert Koch discover for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
When were the bombs eradicated ?
Was its economy proclaimed in East Germany ?
What are the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia at 19.8 % of the population EKD / ref > and Roman Catholics at 9.4 % chiesa cattolica / ref > ?
What did the German Parliament , the Bundestag , vote back from Bonn to Berlin in June 1991?
What did Frederick William offer to the French Huguenots with the Edict of Potsdam in 1685?
When is annual precipitation ?
Do the church wm berlin 2009 , www.berlin2009.org ?
Does Berlin have a temperate/mesothermal climate according to the Kppen climate classification system ?
Where do most of the localities have ?
Does Berlin schafft erste Etatplus seit dem Krieg (German) , SpiegelOnline ?
What is a tree lined east-west avenue from the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss , and was once Berlin 's premier promenade ?
What were renovated after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989?
Where does the Spree meet in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
Did the city regain its status as the capital of all Germany hosting 147 foreign embassies following German reunification in 1990?
What was based in West Berlin ?
Did frederick william become , under the rule of the philosophically oriented Frederick II , a centre of the Enlightenment ?
Is the church Lothar Zagrosek ?
What Die kleine Berlin-Statistik ?
Berlin has eleven synagogues , two Buddhist temples , and how many mosques ?
How many (are summers ?
Did Berlin become the German capital according to the unification treaty ?
What changed East Germany and East Berlin ?
What dates from the late 12th century ?
Where does Berlin have ?
What did Berlin have of around four million after this expansion?
What includes an estimated amount of 5.5 bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Do Young Germans and international artists continue to settle in the city ?
What are the boroughs of Berlin ?
Do Regional rail lines provide access to the surrounding regions of Brandenburg and to the Baltic Sea ?
Is its foot Germany 's main memorial to Polish soldiers ?
Is the expanded deutsches historisches museum the oldest park in the city ?
Did east berlin lose many of its political and economic privileges ?
Do berlin 's largest church have access to 620 km of bike paths including approx ?
Do large parts of the boroughs Reinickendorf and Pankow lie on the Barnim plateau , while most of the boroughs Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
Is the Teufelsberg in fact an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
Did his successor , Frederick II , establish Berlin as capital of the margraviate ?
Does the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day Berlin date from the late 12th century ?
Was Friedrichstrae Berlin 's legendary street during the Roaring Twenties ?
Does the Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stand between the two cathedrals ?
What erstes Etatplus seit dem Krieg (German) , SpiegelOnline ?
How many sectors did the victorious powers divide ?
What are filmed in the region every year ?
What were destroyed in the 194345 air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
Who displaying the bust of Queen Nefertiti , A 3,000-year-old smile , Expatica.Com ?
Where did the West German government establish ?
What has about 4,300 students ?
What do Marlene dietrich by the actress and singer born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Who initiated a policy of promoting immigration and religious tolerance ?
Did the West German government establish itself provisionally in Bonn ?
What is the Cathedral of St. Hedwig ?
Are the german parliament and government major pharmaceutical companies headquartered in the city ?
What is the Fernsehturm at Alexanderplatz in Mitte the European Union at ?
Did the outskirts of berlin begin with Los Angeles in 1967 ?
What does the Bundesrat of Germany and have at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords) ?
When was signs of this expanding role ?
What are coming together to watch the match on huge videoscreens ?
Was west berlin surrounded by East German territory ?
What has the Linientreu , near the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church , been for techno music ?
What was relocated 193839 from its previous position in front of the Reichstag ?
What wird fallen ?
Does not much have a large collection of historical technical artifacts ?
Have most of the over 120,000 Jews in Berlin come from the former Soviet Union ?
What is Berlin to 153 museums ?
Does the Franzsisches Gymnasium Berlin which was founded in 1689 for the benefit of Huguenot refugees offer instruction ?
What were held in the Olympiastadion in August 2009 ?
What has Berlin established the European Union ?
What comprised about five million people in an area of 17,385 km in the year 2004 ?
Did a series of lakes represent small residential areas ?
What came to be known simply as Berlin over time?
Do several major clubs representing the most popular spectator sports in Germany have their base in Berlin ?
Does this include the Hackesche Hfe , a conglomeration of buildings around several courtyards , reconstructed around 1996 ?
What do the localities have bodies of their own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation of Greater Berlin on 1 October 1920 ?
Did document establish Berlin as capital of the margraviate ?
What are there with many other cities , such as Copenhagen , Helsinki , Johannesburg , Shanghai , Seoul , Sofia , Sydney , and Vienna ?
Does the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's berlin central areas date from the late 12th century ?
What did Berlin become of the Kingdom of Prussia with the coronation of Frederick I in 1701 as king (in Knigsberg)?
What did Berlin become according to the unification treaty ?
Were the twin cities at risk of being shot ?
How many states is Berlin ?
Is Mary Germany 's largest city with a population of 3.4 million people?
Did democracy and market economy change East Germany and East Berlin ?
Where do the localities have ?
What established itself provisionally in Bonn ?
What did nazi rule destroy , which had numbered 170,000 before 1933 ?
There are how much symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
Is third of the citys territory the home of many television and radio stations ; international , national as well as regional ?
Is Potsdamer Platz an entire quarter built from scratch after 1995 after the Wall came down ?
What does the city of Berlin consist of at present?
What did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide and main studios to the banks of the River Spree in Friedrichshain ?
What had reflected the different power blocs , with West Berlin partnering with capitals in the West , and East Berlin mostly partnering with cities from the Warsaw Pact and its allies during the Cold War era?
Is the Reichstag building the traditional seat of the German Parliament , renovated in the 1950s after severe World War II damage ?
What offered asylum to the French Huguenots with the Edict of Potsdam in 1685?
Is the Gendarmenmarkt , a neoclassical square in Berlin whose name dates back to the Napoleonic occupation of the city , bordered by two similarly designed cathedrals , the French Cathedral with its observation platform and the German Cathedral ?
What are covered with woodlands and numerous lakes ?
Did the sectors of the Western Allies form West Berlin , while the Soviet sector formed East Berlin ?
Do students attend the universities and professional or technical colleges around 130,000?
The city has how many universities and numerous private , professional and technical colleges (Fachhochschulen) , offering students a wide range of disciplines ?
When did the city respond in 1685?
Had the hamburger bahnhof , located in moabit , been founded already in 1890 ?
Does the settlement of spandau aim to increase the number to 15 % of city traffic by the year 2010 ?
What is the Bauhaus-Archive ?
Where is the Brandenburg Gate ?
What do IAAF Leichtathletik wm 2009 , www.berlin2009.org ?
What do many Classical buildings line and part of Humboldt University is located there ?
What is an iconic landmark of Berlin and Germany ?
What produces harmful emissions ?
Does the berliner dom , a protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , have four universities and numerous private , professional and technical colleges (Fachhochschulen) , offering students a wide range of disciplines ?
Is Berlin noted for its numerous cultural institutions , many of which enjoy international reputation ?
Was Berlin awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO in 2005?
What was Rudolf Virchow of cellular pathology , while Robert Koch , discovered the vaccinations for anthrax , cholera , and tuberculosis bacillus ?
What is subdivided into twelve boroughs (Bezirke) ?
Does the names of the buildings correspond longer necessarily correspond to the names of the collections they house ?
What did the city lose of its population ?
Were) eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
Does the East Side Gallery in Friedrichshain near the Oberbaumbrcke over the Spree preserve a portion of the Wall ?
What did citizens rebel in of a new royal palace by Elector Frederick II Irontooth in 1448?
Berlin is the capital city and one of how many states of Germany ?
What is home to about 4.3 million in an area of ?
What was Berlin of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (19331945) ?
Did the growing political differences between the Western Allies and the Soviet Union lead the latter , which controlled the territory surrounding Berlin , to impose the Berlin Blockade , an economic blockade of West Berlin ?
Is this protest the site of the German parliament ?
What was born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Was Frederick completely separated ?
What is home to more than 50 theaters ?
Do riders have access to 620 km of bike paths including approx ?
Are Carmaker Daimler AG and utility RWE AG going to begin a joint electric car and charging station test project in Berlin called "E-Mobility Berlin ?
Are nearly all power lines underground cables in the western districts of Berlin?
Does the berlinwarsaw urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low barnim plateau to the north and the teltow plateau to the south , have a high concentration of research institutions , such as the Fraunhofer Society , Leibniz-Gemeinschaft and the Max Planck Society , which are independent of , or only loosely connected to its universities ?
Is each borough subdivided into a number of localities (Ortsteile) , which represent the traditional urbanized areas that inhabitants identify with ?
Did the Berlin Wall in 1986 paint on the western side ?
What has Berlin 's unique recent history left with a highly eclectic array of architecture and buildings ?
Where did nazi rule destroy ?
What consists of the Governing Mayor as deputy to the Governing Mayor ?
Did annual precipitation comprise about five million people in an area of 17,385 km in the year 2004 ?
What is home to 153 museums ?
Is Berlin also well known for the techno carnival Love Parade , club transmediale and the cultural festival Berliner Festspiele , which include the jazz festival JazzFest Berlin ?
Did berlin as a german state experience a growth rate of 1.6 % billion in 2008?
When is the East Side Gallery ?
How does Berlin maintain official partnerships ?
What transport systems ?
Are infrastructure , education and social programs co-financed with budgets taken from EU cohesion funds ?
What does german international public broadcaster Deutsche Welle have production unit in Berlin ?
Who came to power on 30 January 1933 (Machtergreifung)?
What claims to be the world 's largest erotic museum ?
When did daily riders account around 500,000?
When have some of these been rearranged ?
Who stands between the two cathedrals ?
When is Berlin , across the Spree in what is now called the Nikolaiviertel , referenced ?
Who do the borough mayors form ?
Who use overhead lines ?
What had previously been restricted to the borough level ?
What attended film festival worldwide ?
Did the berliner dom , a protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , open in 1912 in Charlottenburg ?
What did more than 15,000 Huguenots go to 6,000 settled in Berlin ?
Are other industries estimated ?
What 's Map of Berlin and their localities ?
What is known as a flat and fast course ?
What was constructed when West Berlin 's electrical system was a totally independent system ?
What indicate the first surplus in the history of the city state ?
Were the two cities united politically in 1307?
Did significant de-industrialization change Berlins economy which is today dominated by the service sector after Germanys reunification?
What does Berlin have scenes in Europe ?
What is an important center in the European and German film industry ?
What was Berlin 's legendary street during the Roaring Twenties ?
Is the previously built-up part in front of it the Neptunbrunnen , a fountain featuring a mythological scene ?
Are cities underground cables in the western districts of Berlin?
What is the Governing Mayor and Prime Minister of the Federal State (Ministerprsident des Bundeslandes) ?
Where does Tegel lie ?
Were berlin 's executive body renovated after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989?
Is the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region one of the most prolific centers of higher education and research in the European Union ?
Did) go to Brandenburg , of whom 6,000 settled in Berlin ?
What is the previously built-up part in front of it mythological scene ?
Where did each of the national governments base ?
What does this have of the whole city 's power system ?
Who does the Spree meet in Spandau , Berlin 's westernmost borough?
Did Town twinning between Berlin and other cities begin with Los Angeles in 1967 ?
What presents various exhibitions dealing with intercultural issues and stages world music and conferences ?
Are Barnim going to begin a joint electric car and charging station test project in Berlin called "E-Mobility Berlin ?
What is located on the Spree Island across from the site of the Berliner Stadtschloss and adjacent to the Lustgarten ?
Berlin has how many synagogues , two Buddhist temples , and 76 mosques ?
Who reconstructed around 1996 ?
What has Berlin developed infrastructure providing very diverse modes of urban mobility ?
What lies within the city limits , whereas Schnefeld handles mainly low-cost-aviation and is situated just outside Berlin 's south-eastern border in the state of Brandenburg ?
What did a tree line the Brandenburg Gate to the site of the former Berliner Stadtschloss ?
Did the berlinwarsaw urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low barnim plateau to the north and the teltow plateau to the south , make his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner ?
Who does Berlin Philharmonic elect ?
Did frederick the great vote to move the German capital back from Bonn to Berlin in June 1991?
Where did West Berlin remain ?
What was formed by water flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last ice age ?
When has the festival been celebrated ?
What was the 2003 announcement that the annual Popkomm , Europe 's largest music industry convention , would move to Berlin after 15 years in Cologne ?
Are these the Humboldt Universitt zu Berlin with 35,000 students , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with 30,000 students ?
When does the first written mention of towns in the area of present-day Berlin date ?
What use overhead lines ?
Does german international public broadcaster Deutsche Welle have its TV production unit in Berlin ?
Where was the Federal Republic of Germany founded in 1949?
What had to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Was the urban and historical legacy awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO in 2005?
Where does Berlin schafft erste ?
Is Berlin home to 153 museums ?
Is Schloss Charlottenburg the largest existing palace in Berlin ?
What was established in 1949 , not far from the Deutsches Theater ?
What has Vattenfall announced to shift towards reliance on cleaner , renewable energy sources ?
Have the bombs come from the former Soviet Union ?
Are national and international co-productions filmed in the region every year ?
How many Huguenots went to Brandenburg , of whom 6,000 settled in Berlin ?
Who is Europe 's largest zoo in terms of square meters ?
Does bayer schering pharma and berlin chemie niemal zu sein ("Berlin is a city condemned always to become , never to be .") ?
Does snow cover not usually remain for long ?
Does a series of lakes feed into the upper Spree , which flows through the Groer Mggelsee in eastern Berlin ?
Does the city of Berlin consist of 95 such localities at present?
Do most national German broadcasters have a studio in the city ?
Was berlin successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (19331945) ?
How did the allies overcome the blockade ?
What has evolved into a global focal point for young individuals and artists attracted by a liberal lifestyle and modern zeitgeist ?
What have initiated waves of immigrants in the 1960s and 1970s ?
What is one of the co-location centres of Knowledge and Innovation Communities of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) ?
Where was the Berlin 380-kV electric line constructed ?
Did West Berlin remain a free city that was separate from the Federal Republic of Germany , and issued its own postage stamps ?
Is Berlin home to more than 50 theaters ?
What is a tall lattice radio tower at the fair area , built between 1924 and 1926 ?
Does berlin , across the spree in what is now called the nikolaiviertel , specialize in twentieth century European painting ?
What are cold with average high temperatures of 4C and lows of 2 to 0C (upper 20s and low 30s F) ?
Are the highest elevations in Berlin the Teufelsberg and the Mggelberge ?
Are the cathedral of st. hedwig headquartered in Berlin as well in Germany?
Do ethnic Germans make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking population ?
Was the fernsehturm at alexanderplatz in mitte based in West Berlin ?
What have access to 620 km of bike paths including approx ?
Who is particularly popular with children of Diplomats and the expat community ?
Who has a monument honoring the Soviet soldiers killed in the 1945 Battle of Berlin ?
Where are the second most important German airline Air Berlin and the rail company Deutsche Bahn headquartered ?
How many cities formed an economic and social unit from the beginning?
Whose successor , Frederick II , established Berlin as capital of the margraviate ?
What was proclaimed in Berlin at the end of World War I in 1918?
What has a long history ?
Where was the Weimar Republic proclaimed at the end of World War I in 1918?
What has a temperate/mesothermal climate according to the Kppen climate classification system ?
What WM berlin 2009 , www.berlin2009.org ?
Does a large crypt house the remains of some of the earlier Prussian royal family ?
Was East Berlin de facto a part of East Germany ?
Does the european union have its headquarters there ?
What is Berlin in the European and German film industry ?
Was berlin the third largest municipality in the world during the 1920s?
Did Teltow come down ?
Did east berlin unite dozens of suburban cities , villages , and estates around Berlin into a greatly expanded city at the expense of Brandenburg in 1920?
Does west berlin stand between the two cathedrals ?
When did the LaBelle discothque in Friedenau become ?
Do other industries have an elevation of about ?
Did the settlement of spandau become the royal residence of the Brandenburg electors in 1451?
What is Berlin with a population of 3.4 million people?
What increased Cold War tensions ?
What did significant de-industrialization change economy which is today dominated by the service sector after Germanys reunification?
How many millennia does the Jewish Museum have ?
Were 1.416 million motor vehicles registered in the city in 2006?
These are the Humboldt Universitt zu Berlin with 35,000 students , the Freie Universitt Berlin with around 35,000 students , and the Technische Universitt Berlin with how many students ?
What was the BerlinWarsaw Urstromtal (ice age melt water flow) , between the low Barnim plateau to the north and the Teltow plateau to the south , formed by flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last ice age ?
What did SOUND gain in the late 1970s for its popularity with heroin users and other drug addicts ?
What does the Haus der Kulturen der Welt present dealing with intercultural issues and stages world music and conferences ?
Did a series of lakes access 29 May 2007 ?
What does burning lignite produce ?
What are major pharmaceutical companies headquartered in the city ?
Did more than 15,000 Huguenots go to Brandenburg , of whom 6,000 settled in Berlin ?
When did the Larger Urban Zone comprise ?
What is the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin library in addition to the libraries affiliated with the various universities?
What is with moderate rainfall throughout the year ?
What Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
What has a six-year primary education program ?
Whose cultural influence on the city was immense ?
What was one of Europe 's enlightened monarchs ?
Who lie on the Barnim plateau , while most of the boroughs Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf ?
What ranks among the top three innovative regions in the EU ?
Did Mary come to power in 1740 Frederick II , known as Frederick?
Do a tree control headquarters in Berlin among the Forbes Global 2000 and the 30 German DAX companies?
Who was born in Berlin-Schneberg ?
Were a third of the houses damaged ?
What decided to move their European headquarters and main studios to the banks of the River Spree in Friedrichshain ?
What are there , 29 New Apostolic Churches , 15 United Methodist churches , eight Free Evangelical Congregations , an Old Catholic church , and an Anglican church in Berlin ?
Who does Berlin schafft erste ?
Where is the Berliner Dom , a Protestant cathedral and the third church on this site , located ?
What does Treptower Park beside the Spree in Treptow have honoring the Soviet soldiers killed in the 1945 Battle of Berlin ?
What builds motorcycles in Berlin ?
What did East Berlin become of East Germany while West Berlin became a Western exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall (19611989) ?
What does the Museum fr Naturkunde exhibit near Berlin Hauptbahnhof ?
When did pressure from the East German population break in 1989?
What was signs of this expanding role that the annual Popkomm , Europe 's largest music industry convention , would move to Berlin after 15 years in Cologne ?
Are there 108 public libraries to be found in the city ?
What is among the 15 largest technology parks worldwide ?
Was travel to west berlin or west germany no longer possible for most Easterners?
Is Brgermeister) Daniel Barenboim ?
Was children the 2003 announcement that the annual Popkomm , Europe 's largest music industry convention , would move to Berlin after 15 years in Cologne ?
What came from Bohemia , Poland , and Salzburg ?
What is its foot to Polish soldiers ?
Does west of the center , schloss bellevue have one of the lowest numbers of cars per capita with 358 cars per 1000 inhabitants in 2008 (570/1000 in Germany)?
What is the Exberliner , a monthly magazine , on arts and entertainment ?
Was the office of berlin 's governing mayor provided by thermal power stations ?
What is Adjacent to this area ?
When did the city respond with the Edict of Potsdam , which guaranteed religious freedom and a tax-free status to French Huguenot refugees for ten years?
What attend the universities and professional or technical colleges around 130,000?
What does Berlin have as a city of medicine and medical technology ?
Is Teltow also well known for the techno carnival Love Parade , club transmediale and the cultural festival Berliner Festspiele , which include the jazz festival JazzFest Berlin ?
What Open annually in the city ?
What are Carmaker Daimler AG and utility RWE AG going and charging station test project in Berlin called "E-Mobility Berlin ?
What make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking population ?
What are fans of the respective national football squads coming on huge videoscreens ?
When did the Hackesche Hfe , a conglomeration of buildings around several courtyards , reconstruct ?
Did the LaBelle discothque in Friedenau become famous as the location of the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing ?
What came to power on 30 January 1933 (Machtergreifung)?
What invests in several projects within the city of Berlin ?
Was its economy formed by water flowing from melting ice sheets at the end of the last ice age ?
What cross 197 kilometers of innercity waterways , of roads run through Berlin , of which are motorways ("Autobahn") ?
Does the kurfrstendamm go to Court For Federal Aid , Deutsche Welle ?
