Do inhabitants make up the largest portion of the Russian-speaking population ?
Berlin is home to how many museums ?
Riders have access to how many km of bike paths including approx ?
Were approximately 20 percent of Berlin 's residents French ?
Where were outlying suburbs including Wedding , Moabit , and several others incorporated in 1861?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching 340,658 children in how many classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Where do long-distance rail lines connect ?
What is in fact an artificial pile of rubble from the ruins of World War II ?
The Konzerthaus (Concert Hall) , home of the Berlin Symphony Orchestra , stands between the how many cathedrals ?
What does the Jewish Museum have on two millennia of German-Jewish history ?
How did an avenue line ?
Clln on the Fischerinsel is first mentioned in a how much document ?
Where did the Karneval der Kulturen , a multi-ethnic street parade celebrate ?
What was Frederick the Great ?
Where is the previously built-up part in front of it ?
Whose European headquarters and main studios did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Summers are warm with average high temperatures of 2225C and lows of how many (mid 50s F) ?
Did the city 's population density access 18 November 2006 ?
What is the city 's appearance it played in Germany 's history in the twentieth century ?
How much bn does the total budget include ?
What were united politically in 1307?
Are not much part of the city 's bohemian and hipster lifestyle ?
What handled more than 21 million passengers in 2008 ?
How much document is Clln on the Fischerinsel ?
Berlin has how many schools teaching 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
Berlin is the capital city and one of how many states of Germany ?
When was Berlin the third largest municipality in the world?
Were subsequent members of the hohenzollern family French ?
Who did the city respond with in 1685?
Where are the highest elevations in Berlin ?
Was the largest a totally independent system ?
There are also how many schools teaching Latin and Classical Greek , which are traditionally renowned for highest academic standards ?
Did these areas form an economic and social unit from the beginning?
When did the city become part of the new Province of Brandenburg?
Had the urban and historical legacy to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Are the independent evangelical-lutheran church headquartered in Berlin as well in Germany?
Were the allies canceled at the time of German reunification and later partially reestablished ?
Berlin has 878 schools teaching how many children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere ?
How much air were large parts of Berlin destroyed in during the war?
Whose own , even though most of the localities do the localities have ?
When is the earliest evidence of settlements in today 's Berlin central areas ?
Did the German parliament and government begin their work in Berlin in 1999?
Had the company been founded already in 1890 ?
How did the city respond in 1685?
Berlin is home to more than how many theaters ?
Berlin maintains official partnerships with how many cities ?
How is Adjacent to this area the Rotes Rathaus (City Hall) , ?
When was Berlin awarded the title of "City of Design" by UNESCO?
When does Light snowfall occur ?
Berlin is subdivided into how many boroughs (Bezirke) ?
The city and state parliament is the House of Representatives (Abgeordnetenhaus) , which currently has how many seats ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities do the localities have ?
Daily riders accounting for how many percent of total traffic in 2008 around 500,000?
Were the bombs eradicated in the 1950s and 1960s in both West and East ?
The Jewish Museum has a standing exhibition on how many millennia of German-Jewish history ?
Have Kppen been rearranged several times over the years ?
The Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church has how many parishes of different sizes in Berlin ?
Who did Berlin become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia?
Was third of the citys territory the third largest municipality in the world during the 1920s?
Do substantial parts of present-day Berlin extend onto the low plateaus on both sides of the Spree Valley ?
Berlin was successively the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Third Reich (how many) ?
Does especially young eu-europeans adhere to other Christian churches , and 8.8 % adhere to Islam / ref > ?
The Universitt der Knste has about how many students ?
Do large parts of berlin provide access to the surrounding regions of Brandenburg and to the Baltic Sea ?
Had the partnerships reflected the different power blocs , with West Berlin partnering with capitals in the West , and East Berlin mostly partnering with cities from the Warsaw Pact and its allies during the Cold War era?
Do the german parliament and government die ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots do the localities have ?
Whose cultural influence on the city was immense ?
Who do Steglitz-Zehlendorf , Tempelhof-Schneberg , and Neuklln lie ?
How did the expanded Deutsches Historisches Museum re-open in the Zeughaus with an overview of German history in spring 2006?
Were there 23 before Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform?
The Jewish Museum presents a standing exhibition on how many millennia of GermanJewish history ?
Large parts of Berlin were destroyed in the how much air raids and during the Battle of Berlin during the war?
Had Berlin to give up its status as a free Hanseatic city ?
Does unter den linden have its seat at the former Prussian Herrenhaus (House of Lords) ?
How much symphony are there ?
Have cities become popular during international football competitions like the World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship ?
Whose European headquarters did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
The city 's population density was how many inhabitants per km (9,966 / sq mi) ?
Whose own , even though most of the localities have historic roots in older municipalities that predate the formation do the localities have ?
When does the WTA Tour hold ?
How much bn has Berlin as a German state accumulated ?
Where does the museum , which is a private venture , exhibit ?
Tegel International Airport handled more than 21 how many passengers in 2008 ?
How does Light snowfall occur from December ?
Are a majority of berlin residents working in research and development ?
Was the city divided after World War II?
Does the Beate Uhse Erotic Museum near Zoo Station claim to be the world 's largest erotic museum ?
Does Berlin have a long tradition as a city of medicine and medical technology ?
Who is the course of the Havel ?
Map of Berlin 's how many boroughs and their localities ?
Does the berlin wall in 1986 not usually remain for long ?
The total budget includes an estimated amount of how much bn , which is directly financed by either the German government or the German Bundeslnder ?
Who do Ich bin ein ?
Do trainees have their base in Berlin ?
How did citizens rebel in the Berlin Indignation against the construction of a new royal palace in 1448?
Whose European headquarters and main studios to the banks did the Universal Music Group and MTV decide ?
Who preserves a portion of the Wall ?
There are how much symphony orchestras in Berlin ?
Does its name commemorate the uprisings in East Berlin of 17 June 1953 ?
